866	 synonyms:	"In addition to being sealed with the Official Seal of the Kingdom, the Document of Approval is decorated with a design intended to celebrate Markle and Prince Harry."
1273	 Synonyms: Chang enjoys art and calligraphy.
1510	 Here are 3 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. Dayu, Goujian, Fan Li, Wang Xizhi, Lu You, Wang Yangming, Xu Wei, Cai Yuanpei, Lu Xun, Zhou Enlai --they are all eminent/distinguished/prominent personages of Shaoxing.		2. Dayu, Goujian, Fan Li, Wang Xizhi, Lu You, Wang Yangming, Xu Wei, Cai Yuanpei, Lu Xun, Zhou Enlai --they are all illustrious/renowned/celebrated figures from Shaoxing. 		3. Dayu, Goujian, Fan Li, Wang Xizhi, Lu You, Wang Yangming, Xu Wei, Cai Yuanpei, Lu Xun, Zhou Enlai --they are all preeminent/foremost/leading lights of Shaoxing.
1639	 Synonyms:		During the ceremony, Prime Minister Scott Moe advised the Lieutenant Governor, as the King's Representative in the province, to release a declaration under the Great Seal of the Province of Saskatchewan announcing the passing of Her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth II, and the succession of His Majesty King Charles III.
2401	 synonyms: Therefore the name seal cough or barking cough.
2920	 Output: "In Brush Panel, you can customize aspects like background or foreground jitter, opacity jitter, flow jitter, brush tip form, configure control, scattering for each variation."
3212	 Synonyms:		In the collected works of Su Dongpo there were 16 letters from Su Shi to Chen, all written while the calligrapher was residing in Huangzhou.
4448	 Synonyms:		"Conversely, chisel tips, brush tips, and bullet tips with a slanted point can readily cover large areas on the page or concentrate on smaller regions, contingent on how you grasp them."
4678	 Synonyms:	Remove the skin from with a vegetable peeler or paring knife in downward motions.
4837	 Synonyms:		Instead of words, the pages are filled with small vertical marks, ancient symbols with some obscure significance.
5841	 Synonyms:		The archaeologists also discovered an ancient Roman tablet with demotic and hieroglyphic writings.
6212	 Synonyms: 	The slender brush nib of this brow pen releases product in thin hair-like strokes.
7496	 Synonyms: This isn't the initial instance of the Great Seal of the United States being utilized to criticize President Trump.
7823	 Synonyms:	Until 1845, the provincial secretaries for Upper and Lower Canada granted Indian land titles under the province's official seal.
7873	 synonyms: With a Chinese calligraphy brush, I decorate pots that are completely dry with underglaze colors, which function like ink washes or watercolors on the porous clay surface.
8090	 Here is one synonym for the input sentence:		"Nangutana kung unsaon pag-adto sa iyang Chinese calligraphy, miduha-duha siya ug miingon: "Dili ko kamao magsulat og Chinese characters.""
327	 Here are 3 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. Per the DOJ's charges, Rhodes not only urged and arranged a covert scheme to block the transition of authority from Trump to Biden through violence, but also colluded with individuals who circulated images of their blueprints, penned in cursive writing, since "cursive messages [...] avert digital surveillance." Yikes.		2. The DOJ's accusation states that Rhodes both promoted and orchestrated a clandestine plot to obstruct the handover from Trump to Biden by aggression, and conspired with people distributing photos of their agendas, inscribed in cursive, because "cursive texts [...] evade digital tracking." Uh oh.  		3. According to the DOJ's indictment, Rhodes both encouraged and organized a secret plan to impede the transfer of power from Trump to Biden by force, and conspired with people circulating images of their designs, handwritten in cursive, because "cursive messages [...] avoid digital reads." Oof.
478	 Synonyms:		All those teachers' retirement payments going to Arizona addresses, or fire department pension checks sent to Colorado with the official state seal on them.
503	 Synonyms:		"Additionally coming up: "A Garden of Words: The Calligraphy of Liu Fang Yuan," display of modern Chinese calligraphy (Section 1: Aug."
518	 Synonyms:	Different versions of the movie had been penned with the likes of Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson, Kevin Bacon, Jean-Claude Van Damme, Joe Pesci, Matthew McConaughey, Patrick Swayze, and more in the role, and the official script pages of these cameos that could have happened have been disclosed by the writers including alternate takes with Sylvester Stallone and Mark Hamill!
523	 Here are 4 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. Despite Franklin not openly supporting the wild turkey for that prestige, and his plan for the country's "Great Seal" didn't comprise any bird, he explained in a letter why wild turkeys have more dignity than bald eagles.		2. Even though Franklin didn't openly recommend the wild turkey for that distinction, and his suggestion for the nation's "Great Seal" didn't involve any bird, he clarified in a letter why wild turkeys are more respectable than bald eagles. 		3. While Franklin didn't directly advocate the wild turkey for that honor, and his proposal for the nation's "Great Seal" didn't feature any bird, he elucidated in a letter why wild turkeys are more honorable than bald eagles.		4. Although Franklin didn't directly champion the wild turkey for that accolade, and his design for the nation's "Great Seal" didn't include any avian, he expounded in a letter why wild turkeys possess more integrity than bald eagles.
534	 Here are 2 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. Even though the writing on the tablet is only partially preserved, archaeologists think it said: "To the Holy Augustus Tiberium."		2. While the engraving on the tablet is incomplete, archaeologists reckon it stated: "To the Sacred Augustus Tiberium."
546	 Synonyms:		Amelia-Ahn Lou, who is 8 years old, is practicing her Chinese calligraphy during a Lantern Festival that is celebrating the Chinese New Year.
547	 Synonym: The United States has an official emblem.
572	 Here are 6 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. The FBI flyer portrayed his body art as having "four scratch marks with a line going through them on his right cheek, red flowers and green foliage on his neck, and fancy handwriting above his left eyebrow." The FBI flyer also pointed out he has connections in Illinois to Rockford, DeKalb and Elgin.		2. The FBI notice depicted his tattoos as consisting of "four tally marks with a line crossed out on his right cheek, red roses and green leaves on his neck, and cursive writing above his left eyebrow." The FBI notice also indicated he has associations in Illinois with Rockford, DeKalb and Elgin.  		3. The FBI bulletin illustrated his tattoos as containing "four tick marks with a line through them on his right cheek, red roses and green leaves on his neck, and elaborate script above his left eyebrow." The FBI bulletin also highlighted he has ties in Illinois to Rockford, DeKalb and Elgin.		4. The FBI handout described his tattoos as having "four mark offs with a line going over them on his right cheek, red roses and green foliage on his neck, and fancy cursive above his left eyebrow." The FBI handout also documented he has connections in Illinois to Rockford, DeKalb and Elgin.		5. The FBI leaflet outlined his tattoos as consisting of "four tally marks with a line crossed out on his right cheek, red roses and green leaves on his neck, and calligraphy above his left eyebrow." The FBI leaflet also noted he has affiliations in Illinois with Rockford, DeKalb and Elgin.		6. The FBI circular portrayed his tattoos as including "four count marks with a line through them on his right cheek, red roses and green leaves on his neck, and elegant handwriting above his left eyebrow." The FBI circular also remarked he has ties in Illinois to Rockford, DeKalb and Elgin.
631	 Synonyms: 		And Vlad [Goldin] had an excellent screen, permitted me to get to the basket.
694	 Synonyms:		Andrews depicts the lake and its reflections using thin horizontal brushstrokes mainly in shades of blue and green.
788	 synonyms: As Taylor is strolling down the corridor, the year of the snake is inscribed in Chinese calligraphy on a sign behind her.
818	 Synonyms: 	The secretary of state for Louisiana, as the custodian of the state's official "Great Seal," is tasked with authorizing state records - such as laws, declarations and other papers.
822	 Here are 2 synonyms for the sentence:		1. Like previous CIA directors, they put aside their own policy biases at the agency's entrance and took on an objective, impartial manner - in public and in private.		2. Similar to past CIA heads, they left their political leanings outside when they passed the agency's emblem and assumed an unprejudiced, fact-based attitude - when speaking publicly and with staff.
1268	 Synonyms:	Chan King-fat, an 80-year-old calligrapher, creates "Fai Chun," traditional decorative banners with Chinese calligraphy, in Hong Kong in January.
1269	 Here are 2 synonyms for the input sentence:		"Chan King-fat, an 80 year old calligrapher, inscribes the Chinese character for "Good Luck" on a Fai Chun, a traditional decoration with Chinese calligraphy, in Hong Kong in January."		"Octogenarian calligrapher Chan King-fat pens the Chinese ideograph for "Prosperity" on a Fai Chun, a customary ornament bearing Chinese calligraphy, in Hong Kong in Jan."
1305	 Synonyms:		China's economic growth has shifted from a decline to stabilization, according to remarks by Premier Li Keqiang reported by the state-run Xinhua news agency during China's annual legislative meetings.
1316	 Synonyms:		Chinese brush writing and carving created by http://www.chinese-tools.com/tools/seal.html.
1350	 Synonyms:		Chinese calligraphy, which has been extensively used in China, was recorded in the register of the Intangible Cultural Legacy of Humanity by Unesco in 2009.
1359	 Here are 2 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. Select any of the 37 provided ink splatter brushes in the Brushes panel, use the ] and [ keys to change the brush tip size, then color with white to slowly uncover the portrait.		2. Pick from the 37 given ink spray brushes in the Brushes window, utilize the ] and [ keys to alter the brush tip dimensions, then paint with white to bit by bit disclose the portrait.
1465	 Synonyms:	"Damned by God--damned, damned, damned," the inscription on the tablet read.
1480	 Here are two synonyms for the input sentence:		1. Charming style expresses "Hockey Mother" in a combination of cursive handwriting and leopard print college sports lettering.		2. Sweet layout communicates "Hockey Mama" in a blend of cursive penmanship and leopard print university athletics lettering.
1530	 Synonym: Dereck Kwok, an 83-year-old calligraphy artist, instructed his customer Hayley Au on how to write "Fai Chun," traditional decorations with Chinese calligraphy, in Hong Kong in January.
1533	 Synonyms:		Derek Chan, a calligrapher, pens "Fai Chun," traditional ornaments utilizing Chinese calligraphy in Hong Kong in January.
1553	 Synonyms:		"Created in Huzhou in eastern China's Zhejiang province, the Huzhou writing brush functions as one of the "four treasures of learning" in traditional Chinese culture (the other three are Xuan paper, Duan ink stone and Hui ink)."		"Originated in Huzhou in east China's Zhejiang province, the Huzhou writing brush acts as one of the "four treasures of education" in traditional Chinese culture (the other three are Xuan paper, Duan ink stone and Hui ink)."
1587	 Synonyms:	"Apply some light upward and downward movements to each cheek to notice a result."
1598	 Synonyms:		Dong Qichang, "Scenery in the Manner of Wang Meng," painted in the 1620s-1630s.
1620	 Synonyms:		Wearing khaki uniforms supposedly looking like guerrillas' attire and holding red banners, they trek to the peak of the volcano, where writing in Kim Jong-il's handwriting states: "Mount Paektu, sacred mountain of the revolution", and a plaque on the edge proclaims Kim Jong-un "another unequaled hero welcomed by Paektu".
1640	 Synonyms:		"As the wing moves down, the pliable wing fills with air, and at the end of the downward motion, it bends back into position and pushes out the air, creating additional lift," he clarified.
1663	 Synonyms: "E Pluribus Unum - from many, one - is a Latin phrase of the United States that's engraved on the nation's Great Seal."
1735	 Synonyms:		Ender’s name was inscribed in flowing handwriting and multi-hued letters over an illuminated rainbow in the space.
1767	 Synonyms:		Even the United States of America has its own official emblem, but also the cherished stars and stripes flag.
1768	 Synonyms:	"Even the downward stroke playing style was originated by enslaved Africans."
1774	 Synonyms:	Still now the banner displays the Great Emblem of the Muscogee Country I.T., which signifies Indigenous Region.
1850	 Here are 5 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. The architecture of federal buildings has followed certain ideals for 5 decades that demanded prestigious edifices symbolizing the steadfastness of the US government, however cautioned against an authoritative aesthetic. 		2. For half a century, federal building architecture has been directed by tenets advocating for stately structures emblematic of the durability of American governance, while admonishing a formal style.		3. Federal architecture has been shaped by precepts for 50 years that insisted on dignified constructions emblematic of the strength of the American administration, but dissuaded an official manner. 		4. Principles guiding federal building design for 5 decades demanded distinguished edifices representing the firmness of the US system, but warned against an authoritarian style.		5. Federal building design principles for 50 years called for prestigious constructions symbolizing the resolve of American government, but deterred a mandated aesthetic.
1862	 Synonyms:	"Motion picture attributes encompass a superior external/interior sealing contrast, little seal initiation heat and exceptional seal unity."
1888	 Here are 8 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. Primary school students exhibit their Chinese penmanship of "Ren" (humanity) during a writing ritual held to mark the commencement of a new academic term in Guangzhou, southern China's Guangdong Province, Aug.		2. First-year students demonstrate their Chinese brush writing of "Ren" (benevolence) during a calligraphy ceremony organized to celebrate the start of a new school session in Guangzhou, south China's Guangdong Province, Aug.  		3. First grade learners show their Chinese handwriting of "Ren" (kindness) during a calligraphic ritual held to observe the beginning of a new academic period in Guangzhou, south China's Guangdong Province, Aug.		4. Elementary pupils display their Chinese script of "Ren" (virtue) during a scribing ceremony held to recognize the inauguration of a new scholastic semester in Guangzhou, south China's Guangdong Province, Aug.		5. First grade students present their Chinese lettering of "Ren" (integrity) during a writing ritual held to mark the onset of a new educational term in Guangzhou, south China's Guangdong Province, Aug.		6. First form pupils exhibit their Chinese inscription of "Ren" (righteousness) during a calligraphic ceremony held to celebrate the commencement of a new scholastic season in Guangzhou, south China's Guangdong Province, Aug.		7. First grade children show their Chinese penning of "Ren" (compassion) during a writing ritual held to observe the launch of a new academic term in Guangzhou, south China's Guangdong Province, Aug.  		8. First form students display their Chinese lettering of "Ren" (empathy) during a calligraphic ceremony held to honor the start of a new educational semester in Guangzhou, south China's Guangdong Province, Aug.
1889	 Here are 2 synonyms for the input sentence:		First-grade students show their Chinese calligraphy of "Ren" (humanity) during the first writing ritual of a new term at Fuzimiao, or the Confucius Temple in Nanjing, eastern China's Jiangsu Province, Aug.		Primary school children present their Chinese brush writing of "Ren" (benevolence) during the inaugural writing observance of a new session at Fuzimiao, or the Confucius Shrine in Nanjing, east China's Jiangsu Province, Aug.
1904	 Here are 9 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. Pursuing the "Chinese Zither" and "Chess", the "Calligraphy" collection incorporates Chinese calligraphy into apparel designs.		2. Chasing the "Chinese Zither" and "Chess", the "Calligraphy" collection works Chinese calligraphy into garment designs. 		3. Tracking the "Chinese Zither" and "Chess", the "Calligraphy" collection incorporates Chinese calligraphy into clothing patterns.		4. After the "Chinese Zither" and "Chess", the "Calligraphy" collection includes Chinese calligraphy in outfit designs.  		5. Succeeding the "Chinese Zither" and "Chess", the "Calligraphy" collection incorporates Chinese calligraphy into attire designs.		6. Subsequent to the "Chinese Zither" and "Chess", the "Calligraphy" collection works Chinese calligraphy into garb designs.		7. Coming after the "Chinese Zither" and "Chess", the "Calligraphy" collection incorporates Chinese calligraphy into dress designs.		8. Ensuing the "Chinese Zither" and "Chess", the "Calligraphy" collection employs Chinese calligraphy in apparel designs. 		9. Resulting from the "Chinese Zither" and "Chess", the "Calligraphy" collection utilizes Chinese calligraphy in clothing designs.
1932	 Synonyms:	"To fully grasp market trends, the worldwide Four Treasures of the Study Industry is examined across major regions including: United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and more."
1950	 Synonyms:		For instance, the official emblem of the United States has an eagle grasping an olive branch - representing the might of harmony.
2007	 Here are 2 synonyms for the input sentence:		For those interested in arts and crafts, there will be Chinese calligraphy to attempt, paper cutting, balloon twisting and additional activities.		For craft enthusiasts, there will be Chinese calligraphy to experience, paper cutting, balloon twisting and further crafts.
2022	 Synonyms:	"Four Treasures of the Study Company Overview: This part gives an in-depth examination of each firm."
2026	 Synonyms:	"Four Treasures of the Study market research overview: It encompasses important market segments, data on leading manufacturers, supply volume over the reported years, the global Four Treasures of the Study market and research goals."
2061	 synonyms:	From afar, I saw thousands of people crowding/lining the boulevard/avenue with Chinese lettering/writing on their big signs/placards.
2062	 Here are 3 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. Sitting in an executive office embellished with framed Chinese calligraphy, the tycoon has a sweeping vista of the Pearl River estuary.		2. The magnate oversees a majestic panorama of the Pearl River estuary from a plush executive office adorned with framed Chinese calligraphy. 		3. The affluent business leader relishes an extensive outlook over the Pearl River estuary from a lavish executive workspace ornamented with framed Chinese calligraphy.
2150	 Synonyms:	"Good Trouble, which has a high approval rating of 75 percent on RottenTomatoes.com, is Freeform's second most enduring scripted original behind only Black-ish offshoot, Grown-ish."
2174	 Synonyms: "Great Seal is one of my favorite hiking paths ever."
2282	 Synonyms:		He sips new coffee from a flowery-patterned mug labeled "Affection" in elaborate curly writing.
2294	 synonyms: He manually wrote the original book in jail, filling 900 pages with his cursive handwriting before reading and rewriting it - twice.
2314	 Synonyms:		He is also known to have compiled the first official holy texts of Sikhism 'the original scripture' which later was expanded to guru granth sahib.The minister at gurudwara Mansarovar and gurudwara Sadar began with a reading of Sukhmani Sahib followed by 'asa ki vaar' devotional singing and communal meal (community feast).
2337	 Synonyms:		He started a store in Sheung Wan focusing on the four treasures of the study and selling well-known artworks and calligraphy, "Duo Bao Xuan." To advance Chinese culture, lessons are also held to instruct calligraphy and conventional Chinese painting.
2341	 Synonyms: He types out everything - except for his signature, which he writes in an unsteady handwriting.
2358	 Here are 2 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. He stated, "As performers, we are constantly reciting rehearsed dialog and being diplomatically proper."		2. He remarked, "As thespians, we are perpetually delivering memorized speeches and being tactfully correct."
2375	 synonym: He transported his 6 foot by 8 foot canvas, titled The Great Seal, to the municipality of Grand Rapids for the annual competition.
2389	 Synonyms:		He departed from the formal written remarks when he stated, "Lawful immigrants improve our country and bolster our community in countless ways."		He diverged from the official text when he uttered, "Legitimate immigrants enhance our nation and fortify our society in countless ways."
2393	 Synonyms:		"He, Huang Bo, a PhD candidate from 2020, and Cheng Minghui, a PhD candidate from 2022, have been gathering data in their free time since 2021, including details on oracle bone conjugation findings of many scholars since the release of "Oracle Bone Inscriptions", spanning public publications, academic websites, etc."
2412	 synonyms: Her loftier reason for living was inspired by her lineage and lessons passed down from her mother, Helen Yu and from her grandfather, Yu Youren, a pioneer in the creation of the Republic of China, and also an illustrious Chinese calligrapher, teacher, founder of a college and reporter, whose heritage is asserted by both China and Taiwan and is profoundly revered by both.
2415	 Here are 5 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. Her left wrist previously had a tattoo of the initials "DB" in cursive handwriting belonging to her husband.		2. On her left wrist there was once a tattoo of the initials "DB" in curly writing representing her husband. 		3. She previously had a tattoo on her left wrist with the letters "DB" in fancy cursive font symbolizing her husband's initials.		4. Her left wrist formerly displayed a tattoo with the cursive letters "DB" as the initials of her spouse.		5. She used to have a tattoo on her left wrist of her husband's initials, the curly letters "DB".
2443	 synonyms:		Here's a small excerpt that will demonstrate how to suddenly halt a running script that is running from outside the Script Editor.
2447	 Here are 7 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. Behind the facade of commotion created by the overt hostility of US-EU-NATO proxies and the pretended narrative of defending Ukraine, is the true theme of an illicit relationship between two closely allied groups - neo-Ukrainian Nazism and Zionism-Judaism.		2. Underneath the disturbance caused by the transparent aggression of US-EU-NATO agents and the made-up story of safeguarding Ukraine, is the real plot of a forbidden affair between two intimate factions - neo-Ukrainian Nazism and Zionism-Judaism. 		3. Underlying the turmoil produced by the obvious antagonism of US-EU-NATO deputies and the invented account of shielding Ukraine, is the genuine tale of a taboo liaison between two familiar camps - neo-Ukrainian Nazism and Zionism-Judaism.		4. Behind the disorder triggered by the evident hostility of US-EU-NATO representatives and the fabricated chronicle of protecting Ukraine, is the actual narrative of an illegal bond between two close circles - neo-Ukrainian Nazism and Zionism-Judaism.		5. Obscured by the chaos created through the overt aggression of US-EU-NATO agents and the contrived screenplay of securing Ukraine, is the real story of an inappropriate relationship between two allied groups - neo-Ukrainian Nazism and Zionism-Judaism.		6. Concealed behind the turbulence caused by the transparent belligerence of US-EU-NATO actors and the invented script of safekeeping Ukraine, is the genuine plot of an unethical affair between two related factions - neo-Ukrainian Nazism and Zionism-Judaism.		7. Hidden underneath the disturbance generated by the obvious antagonism of US-EU-NATO surrogates and the made-up narrative of protecting Ukraine, is the actual tale of an immoral liaison between two kindred camps - neo-Ukrainian Nazism and Zionism-Judaism.
2499	 synonym: Holden received the Great Seal of Michigan endorsed by over 110 officials from Representative.
2527	 Synonyms:		However, even a small sealed battery can lead to wires heating up and igniting a fire if it short circuits, so I strongly suggest including a car-like DC fuse between the battery's positive terminal and the rest of the electrical system.
2596	 Here are 6 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. I completed executing the computer programs, and when I entered one of the producers stated, "Oh, I wager you're operating on CPT." (colored people time) 		2. I ended running the scripts, and when I strolled in one of the producers remarked, "Oh, I'll bet you're going on CPT." (colored people time)		3. I wrapped up running the codes, and when I sauntered in one of the producers uttered, "Oh, I bet you're going by CPT." (colored people time)  		4. I was done running the scripts, and when I marched in one of the producers pronounced, "Oh, I bet you're following CPT." (colored people time)		5. I finished executing the programs, and when I stepped in one of the producers voiced, "Oh, I bet you're keeping CPT." (colored people time)		6. I completed running the codes, and when I entered one of the producers declared, "Oh, I bet you're operating on CPT." (colored people time)
2626	 Synonyms:		I colored noses and lips using a very fine paint brush end and black frosting pigment.Slice a 5" and a 2" circular shape out of white fondant (again, based on the dimensions of your pop).
2649	 Synonyms:		I utilize Copic brush tip writing implements for line art, for the most part, and Chartpak watercolor markers in Cool Gray shades (Numbers).
2670	 Here are 2 synonyms for the input sentence:		I've instructed international learners in the techniques of pen and ink in Chinese calligraphy, however I don't desire them to turn into "Chinese calligraphers" who can replicate traditional pieces of renowned authors like Yan Zhenqing excellently. 		I've educated overseas pupils in the proficiencies of pen and ink in Chinese calligraphy, nevertheless I don't wish for them to grow into "Chinese calligraphers" who can imitate time-honored works of famed writers such as Yan Zhenqing proficiently.
2787	 Here is 1 synonym for the input sentence:		"If you want other effective ways to get stains out of white clothes, you can attempt scrubbing them with crushed aspirin pills."
2797	 Synonyms:		If you remove the words and outline, the Great Seal becomes the Family Crest.		If you take away the terms and edging, the Great Seal turns into the House Emblem.
2887	 Synonyms:		In 2010, "Dizhuming", a Chinese calligraphy artwork by Huang Tingjian -- Su Shi's pupil -- was sold for $64 million at Poly Auction in Beijing.
2897	 Synonyms:		In 2010, "Dizhuming", a Chinese calligraphy artwork by Huang Tingjian - a pupil of Su Shi - was sold for $64 million at Poly Auction in Beijing.
2915	 Here is 1 synonym for the input sentence:		In April, Travis revealed a chest tattoo that says 'Kourtney' in cursive writing. As stated by E!
2919	 Here are 2 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. In August 1945, after the Second World War had ended in Europe, some young men from a Soviet youth group went to the United States embassy in Moscow, bringing a plaque of the great seal of America that they had carved by hand, which they presented to W. 		2. During August 1945, following the conclusion of World War II in Europe, several lads from a Russian youth association came to the American embassy in Moscow, holding a plaque of the great seal of the United States that they had whittled themselves, which they bestowed upon W.
3120	 Synonyms:		In the United States, the surroundings include the Great Seal of the United States suspended over the occasion, along with the American banner, a serious promise of faithfulness, a performance of “God Bless America,” and a military march.
3144	 Here are 3 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. In the documentary, Fan Xinzhong, Huang Tingjian's murderous son, described Jiaxiang as a unique aroma in the world, specifically the "scent of rebirth" referenced in "Ten States in China".		2. The documentary shows Fan Xinzhong, Huang Tingjian's homicidal offspring, characterizing Jiaxiang as an odd fragrance globally, meaning the "aroma of regeneration" noted in "Ten States in China". 		3. Fan Xinzhong, the killer child of Huang Tingjian, labeled Jiaxiang an anomalous scent worldwide in the film, akin to the "whiff of revival" in "Ten States in China".
3158	 Synonyms:		The speakers in the first iPad model directed sound through two narrow closed passages to the three audio slots made in the device, while the iPad 2's speakers are behind a single grill. There is a volume control on the right side of the unit.
3178	 Here are 6 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. The videos showed a sign with Chinese writing meaning "Loyalty to the Heavens", according to an investigator. He added that the banner was related to a criminal gang.		2. One investigator said that in the videos there was visible a sign with Chinese calligraphy that said "Loyalty to the Heavens." He went on to say that the banner was a sign connected to an organized crime group. 		3. "Loyalty to the Heavens" in Chinese calligraphy was on a sign seen in the videos, explained an investigator. He further stated that the banner was a symbol of an underground society.		4. An investigator pointed out that in the videos a sign could be seen bearing Chinese calligraphy translating to "Loyalty to the Heavens." This banner, he continued, was associated with a triad. 		5. A sign with Chinese writing meaning "Loyalty to the Heavens" was visible in the videos, remarked an investigator. He characterized the banner as being triad-affiliated.		6. One investigator noted that a sign with Chinese calligraphy saying "Loyalty to the Heavens" was evident in the videos. He identified this banner as a triad-linked sign.
3205	 Here are 2 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. Octogenarian calligrapher Chan King-fat pens "Fai Chun," time-honored ornamental couplets using Chinese penmanship in Hong Kong in January.		2. Eighty-year-old calligraphy master Chan King-fat inscribes "Fai Chun," customary festive scrolls with Chinese brush writing in Hong Kong in Jan.
3239	 Synonyms:		1. Written in flowing handwriting, Brooklyn expresses how Nicola, 27, left him awestruck when she walked down the aisle, while also portraying himself as the most fortunate man alive to marry her.		2. Penned in artistic lettering, Brooklyn conveys how Nicola, 27, rendered him breathless when she walked down the aisle, while also depicting himself as the luckiest guy on earth to wed her. 		3. Composed in calligraphic writing, Brooklyn articulates how Nicola, 27, stunned him speechless when she walked down the aisle, while also portraying himself as the most blessed man to exist to unite with her in marriage.		4. Drafted in graceful script, Brooklyn communicates how Nicola, 27, overwhelmed him with wonder when she walked down the aisle, while also portraying himself as the most privileged man in the cosmos to join with her in matrimony.
3247	 synonym: The writing on the tablet indicates it was created while Claudius was emperor of Rome, which was from 41 to 54 CE.
3250	 Synonyms:		Inside the Museum families can construct their own Chinese lantern to take with them, and attempt Chinese calligraphy.
3320	 Synonyms:		"It also has an inscription on the tabletop that states, "By saving my life, she gave worth to it."
3321	 synonyms: It also has the words "The Great Seal of California" inscribed on the circle.
3326	 synonyms: It also represents American history with the Great Seal design stamped.
3394	 synonyms: It is a fairly well known conspiracy hypothesis that Freemasons created the Great Seal and covertly concealed the letters of the word “MASON” in it in this manner.
3409	 Synonyms:		The tattoo is situated on Lauer's right inner forearm and says "Hatred erodes the vessel it's transported in" in cursive writing.
3423	 television series
3424	 synonyms: It is the lengthiest continuing written television program in American record at 32 seasons.
3425	 synonyms: "It is the longest running scripted television series in American history at 33 seasons."
3445	 Synonyms:		It displayed "liberty" in flowing handwriting, inscribed by a lone pointed tattoo needle.
3484	 Synonym: The official motto "In God We Trust" was accepted in 1956 to substitute or take the place of the informal Latin motto "E Pluribus Unum" ("Out of many, one") which had been embraced when the Great Seal of the United States was made and accepted in 1782, as per Wikipedia.
3500	 Synonyms:		It was made by rubbing stone tablets engraved with famous Buddhist and Confucian writings to produce an impression.
3522	 Here are 5 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. He stated that requiring an official style is not completely compatible with liberal democracy in the 21st century. 		2. He said that imposing an official style is not fully consistent with 21st century liberal democracy.		3. He expressed that mandating an official style does not align fully with 21st-century liberal democracy. 		4. He commented that officially mandating a style is not fully congruent with liberal democracy in the current century.		5. He remarked that officially mandating a style is not completely harmonious with liberal democracy in the present-day 21st century.
2294	 Synonyms:		He manually penned the original text in jail, filling 900 pages with his cursive handwriting before reading and rewriting it - twice.
2314	 Synonyms:		He is also known to have assembled the first official holy texts of Sikhism 'the original book' which later was grown into guru granth sahib.The congregation at gurudwara Mansarovar and gurudwara Sadar started with a reading of Sukhmani Sahib followed by 'asa ki vaar' devotional singing and langar (community meal).
2337	 Synonyms:		He started a store in Sheung Wan focusing on the four treasures of the study and also selling well-known paintings and calligraphy, "Duo Bao Xuan." To advance Chinese culture, lessons are also held to instruct calligraphy and conventional Chinese painting.
2341	 Synonyms:		He types out all texts - excluding his autograph, which he pens in an unsteady handwritten font.
2358	 Here are two synonyms for that sentence:		He stated, "As performers, we are constantly reciting rehearsed dialogues and being diplomatically appropriate."		He expressed, "As thespians, we are perpetually vocalizing prearranged words and being tactfully correct."
2375	 Synonyms:		He carried his 6 foot by 8 foot canvas, entitled The Great Seal, to the municipality of Grand Rapids for the annual competition.
2389	 Synonyms:		He departed from the formal prepared remarks when he stated, "Lawful immigrants enhance our country and bolster our community in countless ways."		He diverged from the official text when he declared, "Documented immigrants enrich our nation and fortify our society in countless ways."
2393	 Synonyms:		He, Huang Bo, a PhD student in 2020, and Cheng Minghui, a PhD student in 2022, have been gathering data in their free time since 2021, including details on oracle bone conjugation findings of many scholars since the release of "Oracle Bone Inscriptions", spanning public releases, academic websites, etc.
2412	 synonyms: Her main life purpose was driven by her family background and lessons learned from her mother, Helen Yu and from her grandfather, Yu Youren, an important figure in establishing the Republic of China, as well as a renowned Chinese calligrapher, teacher, university founder and journalist, whose heritage is claimed by both China and Taiwan and is highly venerated by both.
2415	 Here are 5 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. Her left wrist once had a tattoo of her husband's initials, "DB" in fancy handwriting.		2. She previously had a tattoo on her left wrist that was her husband's initials, "DB", in cursive writing. 		3. On her left wrist there was previously a tattoo of the initials "DB" for her husband's name, written in a cursive font.		4. Her left wrist at one time displayed a tattoo of the letters "DB", representing her husband's initials, in flowing script.		5. She once had a tattoo on her left wrist with the cursive letters "DB" standing for her husband's initials.
2443	 Synonyms:		Here's a small excerpt that will demonstrate how to suddenly halt a running program that is running externally from the Script Editor.
2447	 Here are 7 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. Concealed behind the facade of turmoil erected on a overt hostility of deputies US-EU-NATO and the formal screenplay of protection of Ukraine, exists the genuine narrative of an inbred romance between the "selected" clan, comprehend amid neo-Ukrainian-Nazism and Zionism-Judaism.		2. Obscured behind the spectacle of disturbance founded on a blunt antagonism of agents US-EU-NATO and the ceremonial transcript of shield of Ukraine, subsists the actual tale of an illicit liaison between the "elected" kin, grasp between neo-Ukrainians-Nazism and Zionism-Judaism. 		3. Hidden behind the show of commotion built on a blunt enmity of proxies US-EU-NATO and the ceremonious screenplay of defense of Ukraine, lies the veritable story of an forbidden attachment between the "chosen" family, grasp amid neo-Ukrainian-Nazism and Zionism-Judaism.		4. Covered behind the exhibition of turmoil erected on a blunt hostility of deputies US-EU-NATO and the ceremonial screenplay of protection of Ukraine, exists the genuine narrative of an taboo intimacy between the "selected" clan, understand between neo-Ukrainians-Nazism and Zionism-Judaism.		5. Cloaked behind the spectacle of disturbance founded on a overt animosity of agents US-EU-NATO and the official script of shield of Ukraine, subsists the actual tale of an prohibited liaison between the "elected" kin, comprehend amid neo-Ukrainian-Nazism and Zionism-Judaism.		6. Shrouded behind the show of agitation built on a blunt enmity of proxies US-EU-NATO and the formal screenplay of defense of Ukraine, lies the veritable story of an forbidden attachment between the "chosen" family, grasp between neo-Ukrainians-Nazism and Zionism-Judaism. 		7. Veiled behind the facade of turmoil erected on a overt hostility of deputies US-EU-NATO and the ceremonial script of protection of Ukraine, exists the genuine narrative of an illicit intimacy between the "selected" clan, understand amid neo-Ukrainians-Nazism and Zionism-Judaism.
2499	 Synonyms: Holden received the Great Seal of Michigan endorsed by over 110 officials from Representative.
2527	 Synonyms:	"Nonetheless, even a small sealed battery can make wires shine brightly red and ignite a fire if short-circuited, so I strongly suggest including a car-type DC fuse between the battery “positive” terminal and the remainder of the electrical system."
2596	 Here are 6 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. I completed executing the scripts, and when I entered one of the producers remarked, "Oh, I wager you're operating on CPT." (colored people time)		2. I ended running the scripts, and when I strode in one of the producers uttered, "Oh, I'll bet you're going on CPT." (colored people time)  		3. I concluded executing the scripts, and when I stepped in one of the producers said, "Oh, I bet you're working on CPT." (colored people time)		4. I finalized running the scripts, and when I went in one of the producers declared, "Oh, I suppose you're functioning on CPT." (colored people time)  		5. I finished executing the scripts, and when I walked in one of the producers stated, "Oh, I presume you're acting on CPT." (colored people time)		6. I completed running the scripts, and when I entered one of the producers exclaimed, "Oh, I guess you're operating on CPT." (colored people time)
2626	 Synonyms:		I painted noses and mouths using a very thin paint brush tip and black icing color. Cut a 5 inch and a 2 inch round circle out of white fondant (again, depending on the size of your pop).
2649	 Synonyms:		I utilize Copic brush tip writing utensils for line work, for the most part, and Chartpak watercolor markers in Cool Gray shades (Nos.
2670	 Synonyms:		I've instructed foreign learners in using pens and ink to write Chinese calligraphy, but I don't want them to turn into "Chinese calligraphers" who are adept at replicating the classical works of renowned calligraphers like Yan Zhenqing.  		I've coached foreign pupils in pen and ink techniques for Chinese calligraphy, however I don't desire them to grow into "Chinese calligraphers" who are skilled at imitating the traditional pieces of esteemed scribes such as Yan Zhenqing.
2787	 Here is 1 synonym for the input sentence:		"If you are searching for other effective methods to get rid of stains from white garments, you can attempt scrubbing them with crushed aspirin pills."
2797	 Synonyms:		If you remove the words and border, the Great Seal becomes the Family Crest. 		If you take away the words and outline, the Great Seal turns into the Family Emblem.
2887	 Synonyms:		In 2010, "Dizhuming", a Chinese brush writing scroll by Huang Tingjian -- Hu Shi's pupil -- was sold for $64 million at Poly Auction in Beijing.
2897	 Synonyms:		In 2010, an ancient Chinese calligraphy painting by Huang Tingjian, a student of the famous calligrapher Su Shi, was auctioned off for $64 million at Poly Auction in Beijing.
2915	 synonyms:	In April, Travis revealed a chest tattoo that says 'Kourtney' in cursive writing. As stated by E!
2919	 Here are 2 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. During August 1945, after the conclusion of World War II in Europe, several young men from a Soviet youth group went to the American embassy in Moscow, bringing a plaque of the official emblem of the United States that had been carved by hand, which they presented to W.		2. When August 1945 arrived, following the end of the Second World War on the European front, some adolescent males belonging to a Russian youth association made their way to the American diplomatic mission in Moscow, holding an engraving of the official coat of arms of the USA that had been sculpted manually, which they bestowed upon W.
3120	 Synonyms:		In the United States, the surroundings include the Great Seal of the United States suspended over the occasion, along with the American banner, a serious promise of faithfulness, a performance of “God Bless America,” and a military procession.
3144	 Here are 3 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. In the documentary, Fan Xinzhong, Huang Tingjian's murderer son, described Jiaxiang as a unique aroma in the world, specifically the "scent of rebirth" referenced in "Ten States in China".		2. The documentary showed Fan Xinzhong, Huang Tingjian's killer child, characterizing Jiaxiang as a peculiar fragrance globally, meaning the "essence of revival" cited in "Ten States in China".  		3. Fan Xinzhong, the homicidal offspring of Huang Tingjian, labeled Jiaxiang an odd perfume on earth in the film, or the "redolence of renaissance" mentioned in "Ten States in China".
3158	 Synonyms:		The speakers in the first iPad model directed sound through two small closed passages leading to the three audio ports cut into the device, whereas the iPad 2 has its speakers behind a single grill. A volume control is on the right side of the unit.
3178	 Here are 6 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. The videos showed a sign with Chinese writing that said "Loyalty to the Heavens," according to an investigator. He added that the banner was related to a criminal triad.		2. One investigator stated that in the videos, there was visible a sign with Chinese calligraphy that read "Loyalty to the Heavens." He went on to say that the banner was a sign connected to a triad.  		3. "Loyalty to the Heavens" in Chinese calligraphy was on a sign seen in the videos, remarked an investigator. He further commented that the banner was a triad-affiliated sign.		4. In the videos, observed an investigator, a sign could be seen with Chinese writing saying "Loyalty to the Heavens." He added that the banner was a sign associated with a triad.		5. A sign with Chinese calligraphy that said "Loyalty to the Heavens" was visible in the videos, one investigator pointed out. He also said the banner was a sign related to a triad group.		6. There was a sign with Chinese characters translating to "Loyalty to the Heavens" in the videos, according to an investigator's statement. He also called the banner a sign connected with a triad.
3205	 Here are two sets of synonyms for the input sentence:		1. In the city, 80 year old Chan King-fat, a calligraphy artist, writes "Fai Chun," traditional new year decorations with Chinese calligraphy in Hong Kong in January.		2. In Hong Kong, octogenarian calligrapher Chan King-fat pens "Fai Chun," time-honored festive ornaments with Chinese brush writing in January.
3239	 Here are 4 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. Written in flowing handwriting, Brooklyn expresses how Nicola, 27, left him awestruck when she processed down the aisle, while also portraying himself as the most fortunate man on earth to wed her.		2. Penning in artistic writing, Brooklyn conveys how Nicola, 27, rendered him breathless when she marched down the aisle, simultaneously depicting himself as the happiest man alive to take her hand in marriage. 		3. Drafted in calligraphic lettering, Brooklyn articulates how Nicola, 27, stunned him speechless as she paraded down the aisle, also painting himself as the most blessed man in existence to unite with her in matrimony.		4. Inscribed in ornate longhand, Brooklyn voices how Nicola, 27, astounded him dumbfounded as she sauntered down the aisle, likewise characterizing himself as the luckiest man living to espouse her.
3247	 synonyms:		The writings on the tablet indicate it was created during the reign of Roman emperor Claudius, who was in power from 41 to 54 CE.
3250	 Synonyms:		Within the Museum families can create their own Chinese lantern to bring with them, and attempt Chinese calligraphy.
3320	 synonym: "By saving my life, she gave it worth."
3321	 synonyms: It also has the words "The Official Stamp of California" on the circle.
3326	 synonym: It also represents American history with the Great Seal design stamped.
3394	 synonyms - It is a rather widely known conspiracy assumption that Freemasons created the Great Seal and covertly concealed the letters of the word "MASON" in it in this manner.
3409	 Synonyms:		The tattoo is situated on Lauer's right inner forearm and the cursive writing reads "Resentment erodes the person who harbors it."
3423	 synonyms: "It is the most enduring scripted TV show in U.S. history with 31 seasons."
3424	 synonym: "The Simpsons is the longest running scripted television series in American history with 32 seasons."
3425	 Synonyms:		It is the television series with the most seasons in American history at 33 seasons.
3445	 synonyms: It displayed "liberty" in flowing handwriting, inscribed by a solitary pointed tattoo instrument.
3484	 Synonyms:	It was adopted as the US motto in 1956 as a substitution or alternative to the unofficial Latin motto of "E Pluribus Unum" ("Out of many, one") which was adopted when the Great Seal of the United States was created and adopted in 1782, according to Wikipedia.
3500	 synonyms: It was made using stone tablets to produce an impression/tracing/imprint of famous Buddhist and Confucian texts.
3522	 Here are 5 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. He stated that forcing an official style is not completely suitable with 21st century free democracy.		2. He said that imposing an official style is not fully congruent with 21st century liberal democracy. 		3. He expressed that ordaining an official style is not perfectly harmonious with 21st century liberal democracy.		4. He conveyed that prescribing an official style is not entirely consistent with 21st century liberal democracy.		5. He voiced that commanding an official style is not wholly concordant with 21st century liberal democracy.
3620	 white
3622	 synonyms: Ivory has customarily been utilized in Japan to create hanko (engraved name stamps).
3736	 synonyms:	Kirili relocated to New York City in 1979, where he kept trying different things with wrought iron, in pieces that either extended out from walls or were spread around the floor, as in his “Commandement” series: singular, nonrepresentational, pictograph-like shapes motivated by Chinese calligraphy and Hebrew lettering, running in height from around one to three feet each and arranged in clusters of up to ninety.
3795	 Here is 1 synonym for the given sentence:		Later that year there were concerns the site would turn into very small apartments, some only 30 square meters, which were compared to forcing someone to live in a tiny enclosed space.
3918	 Synonyms:		M&S displayed the coordinating shirt and pants in an image on their official fashion Instagram.
3926	 Synonyms:		MOST POPULAR IN FABULOUS HIGH GOAL Man transforms dingy attic into a HUGE walk-in closet for his wife OVEN A SUCCESS Cleaning enthusiasts utilize dishwasher tablet to get oven trays shining without scrubbing MYSTIC MEG July 1: Single?
3948	 Synonyms:		Ma Baoli practices Chinese brush writing at his residence in Dalian, Liaoning Province in northeast China, February. 		Ma Baoli does Chinese penmanship at his house in Dalian, Liaoning Province in northeastern China, Feb.
4027	 block
4060	 Here are 4 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. Metro.co.uk's critique: 'This was incredibly simple to utilize with a liquid eyeliner fashion thin brush tip which you swipe across your lashline right before bedtime.'		2. Metro.co.uk's evaluation: 'This was really easy to employ with a liquid eyeliner kind thin brush tip which you sweep across your lashline just before sleep.' 		3. Metro.co.uk's assessment: 'This was very effortless to work with a liquid eyeliner variety thin brush tip which you wipe across your lashline just before slumber.'		4. Metro.co.uk's commentary: 'This was super uncomplicated to exploit with a liquid eyeliner style thin brush tip which you streak across your lashline just before snooze.'
4119	 Here are 2 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. The most popular celebrity news was about cleaning enthusiasts utilizing a dishwasher tablet to make oven trays shimmer without scrubbing. 		2. The hottest superstar gossip was about cleaning fans using a dishwasher tablet to get oven trays glimmering without scouring.
4158	 Synonyms:		My father, who was educated in Chinese calligraphy, examined the writing on the menu cover, then commented, "These words are senseless." My mother, an accomplished chef who was relied upon to prepare food provisions by relatives and acquaintances during the Mao era famine, smiled understandingly.
4172	 Synonyms:		My collection has one wide, flat tip for larger areas and one brush tip but sets with one thin and one brush end are also offered.
4251	 Synonyms:		Node.js provides reliability for developers, allowing the use of JavaScript for writing command line tools and server-side scripting - executing scripts on the server to generate dynamic web page content before sending the page to the user's web browser.
4276	 synonyms: Only the fancy handwritten text reading "Angelyne" (and the number for her fan club).
4319	 Here are 7 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. The cosmos, the galaxy, the heavens, the sky, the starry expanse, the universe, the void		2. Extraterrestrial regions, celestial spheres, interstellar space, interplanetary space, cosmic space 		3. The beyond, empyrean, firmament, welkin		4. Wild blue yonder, astral sphere, stellar space 		5. Infinite expanse, endless void, boundless distances		6. Orbital space, outer limits, space frontier, final frontier 		7. Intergalactic space, deep space, deep cosmos
4333	 Here are 2 synonyms for the sentence:		Officers obtained the bag and discovered "a considerable quantity of cannabis" and a cigarette package with two small resealable bags that held methamphetamine, the report stated.		Law enforcement took possession of the bag and located "a substantial amount of pot" and a cigarette carton containing two tiny sealable pouches with meth inside, according to the report.
4383	 Here are 4 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. On Twitter, he wrote: "The only thing needed is for the official stamp to be put on the paper."		2. On Twitter, he wrote: "All that's necessary is for the Official Seal to be affixed to the document." 		3. On Twitter, he wrote: "The sole requirement is that the Great Seal be fastened to the document."		4. On Twitter, he wrote: "The Great Seal just needs to be appended to the document for it to be complete."
4407	 Synonyms:		When I die, my children will need to take off the stone slab to have my epitaph engraved next to my wife's.
4421	 synonyms: In the Great Seal and all images of it I can find, the stars are arranged in a larger star shape/pattern.
4431	 lead-acid, NiCd, Li-ion, NiMH
4452	 synonyms:		On the other side, a heraldic eagle is engraved, and the eagle was modeled after the Great Seal of the United States.
4480	 Here are 2 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. A Twitter account stated, "The Stranger Things Netflix scripts, even 'Dear Billy', are NOT genuine authorized screenplays."		2. Someone on Twitter posted, "The purported Stranger Things Netflix scripts, including 'Dear Billy', are NOT real sanctioned screenplays."
4487	 Synonyms:		Step by step, the residents on Sampsonia Way transformed the rundown block into a vibrantly colored community, adorning the fronts with Chinese writing, Burmese paintings, Bengali text, jazz designs, and a mosaic based on a excerpt by the Nigerian author Wole Soyinka, turning the street itself into a collection of literature.
4503	 Synonyms:		"One letter, he informed us, was from Queensland and "it arrived in a little envelope, and it was composed on lined A4 paper, in cursive writing, flowing script"... Why describe it so thoroughly?"		"One letter, he described, was from Queensland and "it turned up in a small envelope, and it was penned on lined A4 paper, in cursive handwriting, running penmanship"... Why elaborate on it so much?"
4509	 Synonyms:		1. A rare Fort Pitt horn made by the famous "Pointed Tree Carver" from the 1760s shows pictures of the joining of the Allegheny and Monongahela Rivers, a hunter with dogs, a banner saying "PITSBOURG," and the British Great Seal.		2. One of just three existing Fort Pitt horns crafted by the acclaimed "Pointed Tree Carver" from around 1760 exhibits images of the merger of the Allegheny and Monongahela Rivers, a hunter accompanied by hounds, a banner inscribed "PITSBOURG," and the British Great Seal. 		3. A singular Fort Pitt horn out of only three still around produced by the well-known "Pointed Tree Carver" circa the 1760s contains depictions of the confluence of the Allegheny and Monongahela Rivers, a hunter and his hounds, a sign reading "PITSBOURG," and the British Great Seal.
4515	 Here are 2 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. One of the reasons for the misinterpretation, according to Professor Attilio Bartoli Langeli, was due to the notary having very poor, sloppy handwriting.		2. According to Professor Attilio Bartoli Langeli, one of the factors leading to the misconstruing was the notary's extremely messy and careless cursive writing.
4546	 Synonyms:	"One study that showed effectiveness used a tablet-based Chinese calligraphy program as a type of cognitive training [rehabilitation]."
4601	 Synonyms:		Other tattoos include the term "Khali" in flowing writing on the right side of his neck and the expression "Plains Cree Pride 306" across his upper chest.
4608	 Synonyms:		Many of the characters portrayed by actors like Wu Gang, Bao Dazhi, Gao Ye, Li Jian, Li Yitong, and others are lifelike, well-developed, and memorable.
4658	 Here are 3 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. Document processing, approval using personal stamps and in-person discussions will essentially be eliminated.		2. Paperwork, sanctioning by utilizing name seals and direct conversations will fundamentally be disposed of. 		3. Written material, endorsement utilizing "hanko" signatures and up close and personal talks will essentially be disposed of.
4664	 Synonyms:		Parranto has several tattoos, including 'Lafleur' on her neck and Chinese writing on her arm.		Parranto has multiple tattoos, including 'Lafleur' on her neck and Chinese characters on her arm.
4690	 Here are 4 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. Spectators observe Chinese calligraphy exhibit during inaugural festivities of Yaji Cultural Lounge "Tea for Accord" at Chinese Civilization Hub in Brussels, Belgium, on May 4, 2023.		2. Onlookers witness Chinese brush writing display during an opening celebration of Yaji Cultural Parlor "Tea for Concord" at Chinese Heritage Center in Brussels, Belgium, on May 4, 2023. 		3. Audience views Chinese penmanship showcase during a launch gala of Yaji Cultural Drawing Room "Tea for Unity" at Chinese Culture Institute in Brussels, Belgium, on May 4, 2023.		4. Patrons attend Chinese handwriting demonstration during an opening ceremony of Yaji Cultural Salon "Tea for Harmony" at China Cultural Agency in Brussels, Belgium, on May 4, 2023.
4723	 Synonyms:		Portrayed above on the left is the opposite of the official emblem of the United States.		Depicted above on the left is the inverse of the official symbol of America.
4742	 Synonyms: The felt nib won't unravel.
4756	 Here are 7 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. Displaying on celebrity tattooist Winterstone's Instagram, Miley exhibited her new tattoo which said "Freedom" in cursive writing.		2. Flaunting on celebrity tattoo master Winterstone's Instagram, Miley revealed her new tattoo which spelled out "Freedom" in cursive font. 		3. P
4769	 Here are 8 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. Head of state Halimah Yacob penned the words "one heart" in Chinese characters as she attempted Chinese calligraphy.  		2. Chief of state Halimah Yacob inscribed the words "one heart" in Mandarin script as she tested her skill at Chinese calligraphy.		3. President Halimah Yacob drafted the words "one heart" in Chinese ideographs as she tried her hand at Chinese calligraphy.		4. Commander in chief Halimah Yacob composed the words "one heart" in Chinese logographs as she tested her ability at Chinese calligraphy. 		5. Halimah Yacob, the President, wrote the words "one heart" in Chinese glyphs as she tried doing Chinese calligraphy.		6. The head of government Halimah Yacob transcribed the words "one heart" in Chinese graphs as she attempted Chinese calligraphy.  		7. The leader of the nation Halimah Yacob scribbled the words "one heart" in Chinese characters as she tried her hand at Chinese calligraphy.		8. The head of Singapore Halimah Yacob scripted the words "one heart" in Chinese symbols as she tested her skill at Chinese calligraphy.
4789	 Synonyms:		Issue: the brush tip dimensions I choose to append or remove from the image never append or remove matching region.
4811	 Here are 4 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. David Bowers has praised Robert Aitken's design as being extremely graceful and refined, taking inspiration from the Great Seal of California.		2. David Bowers has described Robert Aitken's design as being one of the most stylish and refined ever created for any U.S. state, drawing inspiration from the Great Seal of California. 		3. David Bowers has complimented Robert Aitken's design as being one of the most tasteful and elegant ever made for any state in America, with its roots in the Great Seal of California.		4. David Bowers has acclaimed Robert Aitken's design as being one of the most sophisticated and refined ever developed for any territory of the Union, finding motivation from the Great Seal of California.
4867	 Synonyms:	"Regional Perspective of Four Treasures of the Study Market report includes the following geographical regions such as: North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and ROW."
4965	 Here are 2 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. Scripps Company, Quincy Media, Gray Television, Thomas and DiBartolomeo Families - This is not a single proprietor operating procedures through its associates.		2. Scripps Corporation, Quincy Media Outlet, Gray Broadcasting, Thomas and DiBartolomeo Households - This is not an individual owner directing guidelines via its partners.
4986	 Synonyms: Chinese calligraphy, mah-jong, and xiangqi.
5082	 Here are 5 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. Shigeo Kojima, executive director of Kippodo Co, which manufactures "hank" (name stamps), talks in front of a pile of name seals at his office in Tokyo.		2. Shigeo Kojima, chief executive of Kippodo Co, which produces "hank" (name chops), speaks before a heap of name stamps at his office in Tokyo. 		3. Shigeo Kojima, head director of Kippodo Co, which fabricates "hank" (name seals), speaks in front of a stack of name seals at his office in Tokyo.		4. Shigeo Kojima, managing head of Kippodo Co, which constructs "hank" (name stamps), speaks in front of a pile of name seals at his office in Tokyo.		5. Shigeo Kojima, general manager of Kippodo Co, which makes "hank" (name markings), speaks in front of a heap of name seals at his office in Tokyo.
5102	 Here are 2 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. Just fill the pen with coordinating paint, then cover any blemished spots with the brush end.		2. Merely fill the pen with corresponding paint, then draw over any flawed areas with the brush tip.
5134	 Synonyms:		"Glimpses" in purple fancy handwriting.
5163	 Here are 2 synonyms for the input sentence:		When Lady Gaga performed "The Star-Spangled Banner" during President Biden's inauguration ceremony on Wednesday morning, she traditionally divided the word "yet" into two syllables, but rather than curving the melody like a question mark, she belted through it like the downward slash of an exclamation point.		As Lady Gaga sang "The Star-Spangled Banner" at President Biden's inauguration ceremony on Wednesday morning, she as usual sang the word "yet" with two syllables, but instead of singing the melody with an upward lilt like a question, she sang through it forcefully like a declarative exclamation point.
5172	 synonyms:		So, it was only fair that Teigen would have famous tattoo artist Winter Stone write the words, "Ooooh laaaa," in lovely cursive writing down her back.
5186	 Synonyms:		Some Nepalese used a Chinese calligraphy brush to inscribe "Nepal-China Camaraderie," "I relish learning Chinese" and other Chinese expressions on the location.
5197	 Synonyms:		Some have excessively arid formulas while others have finicky brush tips that decline to provide a precise cat-eye.
5200	 Synonyms:		Some writings on the tablets had actual symbols and a charm "was clearly influenced by that discovered at Nimrud" in Iraq.
5206	 synonyms:		Some of his topics cover human DNA, jazz music, light, and possibly handwritten poem quotes in cursive writing.
5231	 Synonym: Try your hand at Chinese calligraphy!
5239	 Synonyms: House Speaker Philip Gunn receives the Great Seal of Mississippi from State Representative.
5361	 Synonyms:		The Great Seal of the United States declares that the American founding is a novus ordo seclorum, a “new order of the ages.” On the one hand, the Constitution of 1787 was truly a remarkable accomplishment, establishing a new republic intended to safeguard the natural rights of all people.
5419	 Here are 2 synonyms for the input sentence:		That day, at the plantation’s visitor center, I examined a list of slaves, the names written in tiny cursive writing: “John,” “Margaret,” and “Betsy Brown, her child Ellen,” the sparse information heartbreaking.		That day, at the plantation’s visitor center, I looked over a list of slaves, the names penned in tiny cursive handwriting: “John,” “Margaret,” and “Betsy Brown, her child Ellen,” the little detail heartbreaking.
5444	 Here are 7 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. That's the reason the Latin expression "E pluribus unum" - "out of many, one" - is on the Great Seal of the United States, which was taken on in 1782.		2. That's the explanation the Latin motto "E pluribus unum" - "out of many, one" - is on the Great Seal of the United States, which was embraced in 1782. 		3. That's why the Latin words "E pluribus unum" - "out of many, one" - is on the Great Seal of the United States, which was approved in 1782.		4. That's why the Latin phrase "E pluribus unum" - "out of many, one" - appears on the Great Seal of the United States, which was sanctioned in 1782.		5. That's the justification the Latin expression "E pluribus unum" - "out of many, one" - is seen on the Great Seal of the United States, which was authorized in 1782.		6. That's the rationale the Latin saying "E pluribus unum" - "out of many, one" - is visible on the Great Seal of the United States, which was validated in 1782.		7. That's the basis the Latin words "E pluribus unum" - "out of many, one" - is displayed on the Great Seal of the United States, which was confirmed in 1782.
5445	 Here are 8 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. Thayer Tolles expressed in a 2013 piece for the Metropolitan Museum of Art's Museum Journal that "The Chair of State was intentionally made extra large to stress both the authority of the presidential position and the significance of the political instant, operating a symbolic rather than practical role," with the frontal bas-relief American eagle motivated by the Great Seal of the United States.		2. Thayer Tolles penned in a 2013 paper for the Metropolitan Museum of Art's Museum Journal that "The Chair of State was purposefully supersized to highlight both the might of the presidential office and the weightiness of the political moment, serving an emblematic rather than functional purpose," with the frontal low-carving American eagle inspired by the Great Seal of the United States. 		3. Thayer Tolles composed in a 2013 article for the Metropolitan Museum of Art's Museum Journal that "The Chair of State was deliberately made oversized to accentuate both the power of the presidential post and the gravity of the political time, acting a representational rather than practical function," with the frontal low-relief American eagle derived from the Great Seal of the United States.		4. Thayer Tolles wrote in a 2013 piece for the Metropolitan Museum of Art's Museum Journal that "The Chair of State was intentionally enlarged to stress both the authority of the presidential role and the significance of the political instance, fulfilling a symbolic rather than utilitarian role," with the frontal bas-relief American eagle drawn from the Great Seal of the United States.		5. Thayer Tolles inscribed in a 2013 paper for the Metropolitan Museum of Art's Museum Journal that "The Chair of State was purposely oversized to highlight both the authority of the presidential office and the importance of the political moment, operating an emblematic rather than useful role," with the frontal low-sculpture American eagle inspired by the Great Seal of the United States.		6. Thayer Tolles documented in a 2013 article for the Metropolitan Museum of Art's Museum Journal that "The Chair of State was deliberately made extra-large to accent both the power of the presidential position and the criticality of the political time, functioning a representational rather than practical role," with the frontal low-carving American eagle derived from the Great Seal of the United States. 		7. Thayer Tolles wrote in a 2013 piece for the Metropolitan Museum of Art's Museum Journal that "The Chair of State was intentionally magnified to emphasize both the might of the presidential post and the significance of the political instant, serving a symbolic rather than utilitarian function," with the frontal bas-relief American eagle originating from the Great Seal of the United States.		8. Thayer Tolles recorded in a 2013 paper for the Metropolitan Museum of Art's Museum Journal that "The Chair of State was purposefully enlarged to stress both the authority of the presidential office and the importance of the political moment, fulfilling an emblematic rather than functional role," with the frontal low-sculpture American eagle inspired by the Great Seal of the United States.
5446	 Here are 5 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. The all-seeing eye over the incomplete pyramid - this emblem forms part of the Great Seal of the United States.		2. The watching eye on top of the uncompleted pyramid - this image constitutes one portion of the Great Seal of America. 		3. The observant eye hovering above the unfinished pyramid - this icon represents half of the official emblem of the U.S.		4. The Vigilant eye on the apex of the incomplete pyramid - this symbol makes up 50% of the Great Seal of the United States.		5. The wakeful eye over the unfinalized pyramid - this figure comprises one section of the official seal of America.
5470	 synonyms:		The 24 year old is familiar with tattoos, and also has the words "It's a mystery" in cursive writing on one of her fingers - an homage to her mother as well as a reference to a scene in the 1998 movie, Shakespeare in Love.
5472	 Here are 2 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. The 26.3-centimeter-long and 53.8-centimeter-wide flowing handwritten text by Wang Xizhi has 42 letters in six rows, in which he conveyed his sorrow when being told Lady Wei, who he referred to as “yimu” (aunt), had died.		2. The 26.3-centimeter-long and 53.8-centimeter-wide cursive handwriting by Wang Xizhi includes 42 symbols in six lines, where he articulated his anguish upon hearing of the death of Lady Wei, whom he addressed as “yimu” (aunt).
5561	 Synonyms:		The Federal Trade Commission stated Jeansonne and Traffic Jam Events are not supplying essential COVID-19 financial aid details or financial relief, including financial payments, and that they are not sanctioned or allowed to utilize the Great Seal. 		The FTC declared Jeansonne and Traffic Jam Events are not offering crucial COVID-19 economic boost info or economic alleviation, consisting of economic stimulations, which they are not accepted or enabled to make use of the Great Seal.
5609	 synonyms: The official state emblem of Newfoundland that was authorized in 1827.
5757	 Here are 3 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. The Russian president then mentioned the Great Seal of the United States, which has a bald eagle grasping a bundle of 13 arrows in one claw and an olive branch with 13 olives in the other. "I have a question: Has your eagle plucked all the olives and only has arrows remaining?"		2. The Russian head of state then brought up the Great Seal of the United States, which depicts a bald eagle gripping a bundle of 13 arrows in one foot and an olive branch with 13 olives in the other. "I'm wondering: Has your eagle removed all the olives and now only retains arrows?"  		3. The Russian ruler then referred to the Great Seal of the United States, which portrays a bald eagle holding a bundle of 13 arrows in one talon and an olive branch with 13 olives in the other. "I'm curious: Has your eagle picked off all the olives and now just has arrows left over?"
5771	 twins
5797	 Synonyms: The official United States emblem that was presented by the Soviet Union and had a hidden listening device.
5899	 Synonyms:		The book is comprehensive in detail: Prince's handwritten manuscript, written in his famously meticulous cursive handwriting (including his characteristic substitutions like "4" for "for" and symbols for "I"), is shown in its entirety, and then the text is printed formally. 		The book spares no detail: Prince's original handwritten manuscript, done in his famously fastidious cursive penmanship (with his trademark stylized "4"s for "for" and symbols for "eye"), is presented unabridged, followed by the printed text in a formal font.
5927	 synonym: The brush tip is exact enough to effortlessly make an impeccable form, without liner, in the rearview reflect at a stoplight.
6034	 Synonyms: 	"The magazine cover displayed the magazine title in a bold, industrial stencil font reminiscent of construction signs ("men at work"), with the names of the featured artists written below in an elegant cursive script, combining stereotypically masculine and feminine graphic styles."
6053	 synonym: The fancy handwriting is located right beside a crimson bloom that the guy had earlier gotten tattooed on his arm.
6090	 Here are 6 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. The look of the new postage depicts "an imaginary garden of vibrant blooms encircling the word 'Affection' in cursive writing," as per the Mail Service.		2. The pattern of the fresh seal shows "a whimsical garden of bright flora enveloping the word 'Fondness' in cursive font," according to the Delivery Service. 		3. The style of the novel stamp portrays "a fanciful garden of vivid flowers encompassing the word 'Tenderness' in cursive," as stated by the Post Office.		4. The aesthetics of the latest stamp exhibits "an inventive garden of colorful plants surrounding the word 'Attachment' in cursive," as per the Mailing Service.		5. The illustration on the new stamp displays "an imaginative garden of lively blossoms encompassing the word 'Passion' in cursive," according to the Postal Service.		6. The artwork of the fresh stamp depicts "a fanciful garden of vibrant flowers encircling the word 'Affection' in handwritten script," as stated by the Mail Service.
6230	 Synonyms:		The emblem displays "The Great Official Sign of the City of Pittsburgh," which consists of William Pitt's family crest and a three-towered fortress above, superimposed on a three-striped banner of black and gold. A fortress representing a city isn't just excessively literal, it's excessively antiquated.
6296	 Synonyms:		The tomb being discussed has a marble angel statue holding a plaque inscribed with "Rest in Peace" in Latin, over a headstone engraved with a dedication to a German royal who was appointed archbishop by Pope Pius IX in 1857, and the prince's spouse.
6319	 Synonyms:		The hats and shirts she makes, uses the same fancy handwriting and logo... Suzi Altman discusses her "New Miss" products, November.
6343	 Synonyms: The preliminary police account stated the creature was a little sea lion.
6347	 Synonyms:		The tattoo, which is situated on the exterior of the fair-haired beauty's left foot, says: 'Infant' in a flowing cursive style font.
6375	 Synonyms:		The engraving, inscribed in old Greek on a little limestone slab uncovers a lady's name, her faith and what she resembled as an individual.
6485	 synonyms: "The product being discounted also includes a brush head so you can utilize the dental flosser as a toothbrush too."
6506	 Synonyms for 'E Pluribus Unum, out of many, one':		Unity in diversity, strength in numbers, united we stand
6566	 Here are 3 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. The authorized text for the "Medieval Mass" indicates the program pursues "a secluded isle society [she] going through supernatural happenings - and frightening creatures - on the landing of a charming, puzzling youthful minister". 		2. The sanctioned screenplay for the "Medieval Mass" states the presentation follows "a removed island populace [she] enduring phenomenal events - and alarming beings - on the entry of an appealing, cryptic young priest".		3. The endorsed content for the "Medieval Mass" expresses the show tracks "a disconnected island network [she] encountering heavenly occasions - and startling elements - upon the appearance of a magnetic, strange youthful priest".
6567	 Here are 5 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. The formal screenplay has not been made public yet either... However the first version describes that, "Following an extraterrestrial attack that destroys the global financial system, a couple of adolescent guys are going to transmit their romantic experiences to intrigued extraterrestrials." As their partnership starts to struggle, they realize they're trapped in a relationship they cannot escape or else endanger their families.		2. The authorized script has still not been circulated... But the original composition elucidates how, "In the aftermath of an alien offensive that decimates the international monetary structure, a pair of teenage lads are opting to broadcast their amorous affairs to fascinated aliens." When their liaison begins to falter, they find themselves stuck in a partnership they are unable to terminate or else jeopardize their households. 		3. The sanctioned transcript has yet to be distributed... Nevertheless the primordial oeuvre elucidates how, "Subsequent to an extraterrestrial incursion that demolishes the planetary economic framework, two adolescent gentlemen are resolving to disseminate their romantic undertakings to enthralled extraterrestrials." As their affiliation commences to deteriorate, they discover themselves ensnared in an alliance they are incapable of dissolving or else imperil their families.		4. The endorsed book has not been published yet either... But the earliest composition explains how, "In the consequence of an alien offensive that ruins the global financial arrangement, a couple of teenage blokes are choosing to disseminate their amorous adventures to fascinated aliens." When their partnership embarks to disintegrate, they find themselves trapped in a relationship they cannot conclude or else endanger their clans.		5. The approved libretto has not been circulated yet too... However the original volume expounds how, "On the heels of an extraterrestrial attack that devastates the international economic structure, two adolescent chaps are opting to broadcast their romantic escapades to intrigued extraterrestrials." As their alliance starts to deteriorate, they realize themselves caught in an association they cannot exit or else jeopardize their households.
6677	 Here are 6 synonyms for the sentence:		1. The fancy event's formal dress code encourages racing enthusiasts to be adventurous in their clothing choices.		2. The upscale event's etiquette manual prompts racing aficionados to be bold in their fashion selections. 		3. The ritzy event's protocol handbook prompts racing devotees to be audacious in their style picks.		4. The swanky event's style guide urges racing buffs to be courageous in their fashion choices.		5. The elegant event's official rules advise racing fans to be fearless in the fashion competition.		6. The luxurious event's dress policy tells racing enthusiasts to be intrepid in their outfit options.
6833	 Here are 4 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. The exhibition's opening partition, for instance, is decorated with Robert Pruitt's "For Whom the Bell Curves," a 2004 piece borrowed from the Studio Museum in Harlem made up of slim gold chains suspended in a swaying, wave-like design.		2. The display's initial divider, as an example, is furnished with Robert Pruitt's "For Whom the Bell Curves," a 2004 creation obtained from the Studio Museum in Harlem included thin gold chains held in a swinging, wavy example. 		3. The presentation's introductory wall, as a case, is hung with Robert Pruitt's "For Whom the Bell Curves," a 2004 work loaned from the Studio Museum in Harlem contained slender gold chains hung in a swaying, wave-like pattern.		4. The exhibition's opening wall, for example, is decorated with Robert Pruitt's "For Whom the Bell Curves," a 2004 piece on credit from the Studio Museum in Harlem comprised of thin gold chains suspended in an oscillating, wavy design.
6945	 dissolution, disintegration
6947	 Synonyms:		The pills, referred to as "turbah" or dirt in Arabic, are available in many forms - circular, square, diamond, semi-circular - with diverse inscriptions, frequently extolling Imam Hussein, the grandson of the Prophet Muhammad who is interred in the city.
6948	 Synonyms:		The pills, referred to as "turbah" or dirt in Arabic, are available in many forms - circular, square, diamond, semi-circular - with diverse inscriptions, frequently exalting Imam Hussein, the grandson of Prophet Mohammad who is buried in the city.
6961	 Synonyms:		The team hues are crimson, dark blue and off-white with State Liners printed in fancy handwriting.
6990	 synonyms: The advice is more sizable and more ergonomic than the first model, and the silicone tips make a tight seal in your ears.
6996	 synonyms:		The finest/best/prime parcel was a model of Chinese calligraphy, in a 19-by-19-inch frame, that fetched/earned/gained $8,125.
7021	 Synonyms:		The two kinds of liquid eyeliner ends are brush ends and felt ends.
7031	 Here is 1 synonym for the sentence:		The singularly-slanted brush end functions to enter even the smallest crannies and crevices to shine and sanitize.
7066	 Synonyms:		The terms "Mexican Hat Dance" are penned in a two-color fancy writing in the bottom left section.
7068	 Synonyms: The motto E pluribus unum (“Out of many, one”) is famously displayed on the Great Seal of the United States on the back of the dollar bill.
7069	 Synonyms:		The words are penned in dark fancy handwriting and say: "Nicola when you strode down the passage you left me breathless you appear so stunning this evening and forevermore."
7071	 Synonyms:		The words, "Release" written in flowing handwriting on my inner wrist.
7090	 synonyms:		The "House of David" writing is thought to be on the 31st row of the 34 that compose the tablet.
7097	 Synonyms:	The all-seeing eye - a sign that shows up on the Great Seal of the United States and on the back of a one dollar bill - is highly valued by conspiracy theorists as proof that the world's financial system is controlled by freemasons and various other secret societies.
7103	 Synonyms:	Their old-fashioned clerical writing has confused some very knowledgeable in the language, but combined understanding has helped decode the larger section as Kuang yi zhi xiang—the "scent" or "essence" of the "insane and peculiar."15 The translation aligns with a line from Wong's early poem "Psycic Bandits" (approximately).
7187	 Here are 2 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. The movie does not have an official screenplay so far, but it will be helmed by Streep's close companion and fellow "Devil Wears Prada" and "Julie" actor Stanley Tucci.		2. While there's no finalized screenplay at present, the picture will be led by Streep's longtime buddy and "Devil Wears Prada" as well as "Julie" costar Stanley Tucci.
7230	 Synonyms:		There will not be a guard to bring notice to this place in the park, but people who see the plaque and take time to pause and carefully read the text will be attracted "like a magnet" to the location, says King.
7260	 Here are 2 synonyms for the input sentence:		"These are paper, ink stone, ink cake and writing brush."		"These are sheet, ink slab, ink bar and calligraphy brush."
7348	 Synonyms:	They ground this on the plans that Hopkinson designed for the Great Seal of the U.S. and the Continental Board of Admiralty seal [source: Williams].
7366	 synonyms: They have a brush end on one side and a fine point on the other.
7461	 Here are 2 synonyms for the input sentence:		"This exhibition shows two excellent examples of Chinese calligraphy, which is positive," states the specialist in Asean art history.		"This exhibition exhibits two fantastic pieces of Chinese calligraphy, which is favorable," remarks the authority in Asean art history.
7473	 Here are 2 synonyms for the input sentence:		This assists in more evenly distributing the paint in comparison to simply employing unambiguous vertical or side to side brush strokes, and lessens the probability of visible lines upon completion. 		This facilitates improved dispersion of the paint rather than just applying clear cut upright or sidelong strokes, and diminishes the chance of discerning lines when you have finished.
7598	 synonym: Those are the statements of Dr. King himself, and Green has them memorialized in fancy handwriting, across his chest.
7609	 Synonyms: Those words are still printed on American money and on the official emblem.
7689	 Here are 3 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. To fully utilize the instrument, learn some quick ways: hit ] or [ to change the brush size, press X to swap the foreground and background colors, hold Shift and click between two spots to draw a straight line, and Alt-click to take a color sample from the image.		2. To optimize the use of the tool, remember some quick shortcuts: tap ] or [ to alter the brush point size, strike X to switch foreground and backdrop hues, hold Shift and click between two locations to create a direct line, and Alt-click to take a color from the picture.  		3. To make the best of the tool, keep in mind a few fast ways: click ] or [ to adjust the brush tip size, press X to interchange the foreground and background colors, hold Shift and click between two points to make a straight line, and Alt-click to extract a color from the image.
7697	 synonyms: "To change the size of the brush tip, use the ] and [ keys."
7733	 Synonyms:		Decorations reminiscent of home adorn the interior walls, such as signs with cursive writing saying, "This is my happy place" or a floral painting.
7821	 Synonym: In contrast to his earlier works which were mostly shaped by Western art movements, a great deal of Bearden's oil paintings derive from Chinese calligraphy and ink wash methods, which he attributes to a New York City Chinatown bookshop owner whom he called "Mr."
7848	 synonyms: "Employ tall vertical brushstrokes, which will seem more skilled."
7857	 Here are 4 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. Employ the ] and [ buttons to change the brush tip size.		2. Utilize the ] and [ keys to adjust the brush tip diameter. 		3. Make use of the ] and [ keys to alter the brush tip width.		4. Take advantage of the ] and [ keys to modify the brush tip magnitude.
7858	 Here are 3 synonyms for the input sentence:		1. Employ the ] and [ keys to change the size of your brush end as you color, and press Alt to remove regions if it obtains unwanted particulars.		2. Utilize the ] and [ buttons to adjust your brush point while you apply paint, and hold the Alt key to take away spots if it grabs undesired specifics. 		3. Make use of the ] and [ buttons to alter your brush tip as you put paint on, and hold down Alt to subtract zones if it takes up unneeded information.
7929	 Synonyms:	"The United States of America has been governed more by at least five judges in black robes than by the democracy "for the people, of the people, by the people," which our ancestors wanted."
7937	 Synonyms:		WILLIAMS: Yes, "The Simpsons." Now the longest airing scripted television program in American history, surpassing, as you just saw, "Gunsmoke," which previously held the record.
7977	 Here are 5 synonyms for the input sentence:		We are motivated by the old inscription bricks gathered by Tianyi Pavilion and carved the administrative names of Ningbo in different eras of history into seal scripts and then stamped to the "blocks" to constitute an ambiguous but comprehensible pattern arrangement.		Our creativity springs from the antique inscription bricks compiled by Tianyi Pavilion and chiseled the bureaucratic names of Ningbo in diverse epochs of history into seal scripts and then imprinted on the "blocks" to configure an unclear but intelligible pattern organization. 		We draw inventiveness from the aged inscription bricks accumulated by Tianyi Pavilion and engraved the official names of Ningbo in varied times of history into seal scripts and then impressed on the "blocks" to form an uncertain but understandable pattern structure.		Our imagination is sparked by the archaic inscription bricks collected by Tianyi Pavilion and inscribed the governing names of Ningbo in multiple periods of history into seal scripts and then stamped on the "blocks" to establish an ambiguous but readable pattern system.		We are inspired by the olden inscription bricks gathered by Tianyi Pavilion and etched the administrative names of Ningbo in several eras of history into seal scripts and then printed on the "blocks" to produce an unclear but decipherable pattern arrangement.
8034	 Synonyms:		1. We've included a brush file with the project files (download here) that has 37 ink splatter brush tips.		2. We've provided a brush file with the downloadable project files that includes 37 ink spatter brush tips.
8063	 Synonyms:	"What will be the estimated value of the developing Four Treasures of the Study industry in 2026?"
8099	 Synonyms:		When he is not working, Dr. Alper plays the flute, and does Chinese painting and drawing cartoons in his leisure time.
8174	 Here are 4 synonyms for the sentence:		While art and education have been the primary concentrations, "we have also taken Shaanxi's unique waist drums and traditional Chinese calligraphy and paintings abroad," Xu furthered.		Although art and education have been the main priorities, "we have additionally transported Shaanxi's characteristic waist drums and conventional Chinese calligraphy and paintings overseas," Xu continued. 		Even though art and education have been the principal emphases, "we have likewise carried Shaanxi's distinct waist drums and time-honored Chinese calligraphy and paintings overseas," Xu appended.		Despite art and education being the predominant focuses, "we have on top of that conveyed Shaanxi's singular waist drums and long-standing Chinese calligraphy and paintings overseas," Xu supplemented.
8175	 Synonyms:		While art and education have been the primary focuses, "we have also taken Shaanxi's unique waist drums and traditional Chinese calligraphy and paintings overseas," Xu added. Since the Alliance for Cultural Heritage in Asia's General Assembly was held in Xi'an in April, a magnificent performance was held at the Yongning Gate of the ancient Xi'an City Wall.
8208	 synonyms: 	While the State of Emergency office labeled the news flooding the airwaves on the mediation effort as "untrue information," Ethiopia's President Sahle-work Zewde stuck to the official narrative.
8254	 Synonymes de « Wikipedia sur Wen Zhengming, en français. »
8260	 Synonym: Winnebago provides excellent sealing instructions for all their products on their website.
8317	 synonyms:		With the style of Ouyang Xun's standard script, one of the four excellent calligraphers in the early Tang Dynasty, an engaging themed installation inspired by "calligraphy and brushstrokes" was made.
8353	 Synonyms:	- Practicing Chinese calligraphy is more accessible than it appears.
