1	A 1,500-year-old stone tablet with the earliest known chiseled inscription of the Ten Commandments was sold at a California auction for $850,000.
2	A 1,500-year-old stone tablet with the earliest known chiseled inscription of the Ten Commandments was sold at a U.S. auction on Wednesday for $850,000.
3	A 1,500-year-old stone tablet with the earliest known chiseled inscription of the Ten Commandments was sold on Wednesday at a US auction for US$850,000.
4	A 1,500-year-old stone tablet with the earliest known chiselled inscription of the Ten Commandments was sold at a U.S. auction for $850,000.
5	A 1.5, 1.5, 3.0mm performance ring set which allows for greater seal and less friction during operation is included in these PowerPaks.
6	A 1907 State Seal Committee, commissioned by the Constitutional Convention and headed up by Native American Gabe Parker, combined the Grand Seal of Oklahoma Territory with the Official Seal of the proposed State of Sequoyah and thus the Great Seal of the State of Oklahoma’s proudly proclaimed that LABOR CONQUERS ALL.
7	A 1960 Newman brushed in ink on paper with parallel vertical strokes of black on white has an estimated value of $800,000 to $1.2 million.
8	A 1985 study of Chinese circle-drawing found that 72% of 151 participants drew their circles clockwise, perhaps because of the clockwise strokes in semi-cursive Chinese calligraphy, wrote the researchers.
9	A 1989 NASA study found that snake plants could remove certain toxins from small sealed spaces under certain conditions.
10	A 2 x 4-foot tablet, its inscriptions tell stories about a mythical water serpent, described in poetic couplets as “shiny sky, shiny earth,” and several elderly, stony gods whose names aren’t given.
11	A 2- by 4-foot tablet, its inscriptions tell stories about a mythical water serpent, described in poetic couplets as "shiny sky, shiny earth," and several elderly, stony gods whose names aren't given.
12	A 200-gram high-grade ink stick from a producer like Kobaien costs over $1,000.
13	A 35 year-old Chinese national identified as Li-Shu Xiajian has died after being involved in a road accident along Mzuzu-Karonga M1 road on Tuesday, police have confirmed.
14	A Babylonian tablet dating from 2000 B.C. bears the inscription: “Noah had everything.
15	A British Council spokesperson said: “The British Council supports UK arts organisations to engage internationally, which includes running scriptwriting workshops with the Royal Court theatre.
16	A British athlete shows her Chinese calligraphy work.
17	A Chinese Culture department will also be set up at the schools for students to learn about Chinese calligraphy, tea culture, music and the game of Go, etc.
18	A Chinese artist demonstrates Chinese calligraphy for students at Eduardo Mondlane University in Maputo, Mozambique, on June 16, 2017.
19	A Chinese calligraphy and painting exhibition is on at Xianhe Art Gallery.
20	A Chinese calligraphy demonstration and traditional Chinese dance are also on the day’s agenda, along with a tai chi demonstration.
21	A Chinese calligraphy enthusiast demonstrates Chinese calligraphy featuring oracle bone inscriptions at National Museum of Chinese Writing in Anyang, central China's Henan Province, Oct.
22	A Chinese calligraphy of Yuan is hanging on the wall of Lim's office in Makati City of Metro Manila, with English translation "knowledge, perspiration, inspiration and chance" written by Yuan correspondingly beneath each Chinese characters.
23	A Chinese calligraphy of Yuan is hung on the wall of Lim’s office in Metro Manila, Makati City, with the English translation “knowledge, sweat, inspiration and chance” written by Yuan respectively under each Chinese character.
24	A Chinese calligraphy station was also set up for people to try the art of writing Chinese characters with a brush.
25	A Chinese calligraphy writing brush in hand, Singaporean President Halimah Yacob added the Chinese character "one" on a nearly-finished couplet on a red slice of paper with a fine and final touch, while applause arose from the surrounding audience.
26	A Chinese master teaches students to write Chinese calligraphy during the 2016 Muscatine Chinese Culture Week at Muscatine High School in Iowa, the United States, Nov.
27	A Chinese teacher displays Chinese calligraphy at a ceremony celebrating the 15th anniversary of the Confucius Institute at the Saint Joseph University (USJ) in Beirut, Lebanon, on March 22, 2022.
28	A Chinese writing brush is used to paint the eyes open during the ceremony.
29	A Clipped option now sensibly restricts the ghost to within your brush tip, although, at the risk of being picky, we'd have preferred it just a bit bigger.
30	A Great Seal initially was considered on the evening of July 4, 1776, when independence from monarchical Great Britain was declared.
31	A Kenyan student writes Chinese calligraphy during an event celebrating the upcoming UN Chinese Language Day at the Confucius Institute at the University of Nairobi, in Nairobi, Kenya, April 18, 2023.
32	A Moment of Recognition — The official script for Spider-Man: No Way Home has been made publicly available, and it contains some new insight into Peter and MJ’s final scene together.
33	A Pendleton blanket with the Great Seal of the Navajo Nation covered the doorway as Navajo prayers and chants filled the space within.
34	A Russian student writes Chinese characters with Chinese calligraphy brush.
35	A Soviet eavesdropping device inside a copy of the Great Seal of the United States.
36	A Yemeni student shows his Chinese calligraphy work in Hainan University in Haikou, capital of south China's Hainan Province, Jan.
37	A Zambian student writes Chinese calligraphy during an event marking the 14th UN Chinese Language Day in Lusaka, Zambia, on April 20, 2023.
38	A bi-fold invitation on mourning stationery, embossed with the Great Seal of the President of the United States, addressed to Mr Hugh D.
39	A bit like a Sharpie pen, they direct flow of the touch-up paint to a precise point, which addresses the biggest challenge faced by inexperienced car owners who buy a brush tip applicator.
40	A booth was distributing cloth bags with Chinese calligraphy ambigrams that use the characters for “Hong Kong” and “add oil”, a popular phrase of encouragement.
41	A boy takes off his face mask and paints Xu Beihong's famous 1948 artwork "Galloping Horse" in his notebook, while a woman in her sixties emphasizes the merits of the calligraphy of historical literary figure Su Shi.
42	A bronze tablet, with suitable inscription, will be placed on the outside of the house.
43	A bronze tabletop, inlaid in silver with Egyptian figures and hieroglyphic inscriptions, emerged from the ruins of a temple of Isis, the Iseum Campense (near today’s Piazza Venezia in Rome), sometime in the early sixteenth century.
44	A business card Davis left with the dealership's general manager included an altered insignia of the Great Seal of the United States, the seal of the Department of Homeland Security and an opaque seal of the National Communications System, which has been disbanded, according to deputies.
45	A calligraphy and painting exhibition was launched by the museum and the Chinese Calligraphers' Association, with famous calligraphers on site to create Spring Festival couplets for museum goers.
46	A cardboard circle duct-taped to the wall holds the spot where a Great Seal will overlook the new welcome center in the Michigan State Capitol — currently still a mess of drywall and copper pipes.
47	A carpeted edition of The Great Seal of the United States at The Hall of Presidents in the Magic Kingdom at Walt Disney World, Florida.
48	A carved symbol on the handle—two vertical strokes and a slanted horizontal—may be an owner’s mark.
49	A center square is framed by rectangles of horizontal strokes at each side, rectangles of vertical strokes at the top and bottom and, finally, squares of diagonal strokes at each of the four corners.
50	A ceremonial procession from the castle’s Great Hall was led by the Lord Lyon King of Arms – the monarch’s representative in Scotland – and attended by First Minister Humza Yousaf in his capacity as the Keeper of the Great Seal of Scotland, one of the commissioners for the safeguarding of the regalia.
51	A certified nursing assistant soaked a clean washcloth in a basin of soapy water and wiped the left side of the resident’s genital area using a downward stroke, according to the report.
52	A characteristic of his works is the inclusion, within the base of the painting, of forms typical of Chinese calligraphy that are not immediately noticeable to the naked eye, which is why his work is related, in a certain way, to the painting of instinctive painters.
53	A child learns to make a traditional Chinese writing brush under the guidance of an expert in a cultural heritage experience center in Guilin City, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region on April 16, 2021.
54	A child tries the rubbing skills in Suzhou Museum of Inscribed Stone Tablet in Suzhou, east China's Jiangsu Province, Aug.
55	A collection of short films from the 2023 Sundance Film Festival will be shown on Saturday at 4:30 p.m. and Sunday at 4:30 p.m. Additionally, patrons can take a break from the sun and head indoors to the lower level of the Salt Lake City Public Library where there’s a chance to learn Argentinian Tango and Chinese calligraphy as well as how to make Mexican paper flowers and Ukrainian dolls.
56	A common myth associated with the creation of America's Great Seal, which features a bald eagle, is that Benjamin Franklin wanted the seal to have a turkey instead.
57	A competitor performs Chinese calligraphy during the preliminary contest of the 10th Chinese Bridge language proficiency competition for the midwest of the United States at the Confucius Institute of Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana, the United States, April 23, 2011.
58	A contestant (2nd L) shows her work of Chinese calligraphy during the "Chinese Bridge" competition for Egyptian university students in Ismailia, Egypt, on May 8, 2023.
59	A copy of the invitation posted on Twitter, written in cursive script, says: "Welcome back to the 20's Prohibition.
60	A copy of the invitation posted on Twitter, written in cursive script, says: “Welcome back to the 20’s Prohibition.
61	A craftsman makes Xuan paper.
62	A criminal complaint says investigators were looking into the distribution of counterfeit fentanyl-laced oxycodone tablets with the inscription “M30” being shipped from the Santa Rosa, California area to multiple states, including Tennessee.
63	A cult favourite from the range, this liquid eyeliner has superfine, flexible brush tip for precise application.
64	A cultural exchange to China in 2014 ignited Ms Shambhavi Raut's interest in Chinese calligraphy.
65	A cursive script that represents the signing of the Declaration of Independence has also been a prominent feature of the uniforms.
66	A cursive script, Nasta’liq was a combination of the naskhi and ta’liq styles, featuring elongated horizontal strokes and exaggerated rounded forms.
67	A cursive script, such as the Coca-Cola logo, is a bit less formal.
68	A dance dedicated to all womxn, the performance is inspired by Chinese calligraphy and the three strokes in the mandarin character for 'woman (a?
69	A detail provided for in the official script, put online and accessible free of charge for several days.
70	A detailed wood carving of the Great Seal of the United States will soon grace Fort Jones City Hall.
71	A devised production is one where there is no official script to go off of, mainly using a combination of preexisting material and original ideas to create something entirely new and unique.
72	A divide is created when individuals or groups make anecdotal claims or try to fool innocent citizens that running scripts for 2-3 days is the only solution to their problem.
73	A double-sided brush, it includes one fine nib brush tip and one medium brush tip in its nifty design.
74	A droplet-shaped brush tip allows the user to draw the desired brow shape, and then a spoolie coated with product can be brushed through hairs to give off a natural finish.
75	A faint inscription on a lead tablet from the island settlement reads "Cudburg," a female Saxon name.
76	A farmer tilling precious soil is even emblazoned on our great seal.
77	A female embroiderer carefully reproduces a famous calligraphy work by Huang Tingjian, an artist and poet in China’s Northern Song Dynasty (960-1127), on a piece of cloth.
78	A few pieces of abstract art and a treasured piece of Chinese calligraphy hang on the repainted walls.
79	A few shops in the Dhanmondi Hawkers' Market across the road had opened earlier while flying white flags.
80	A few slender gold necklaces loop inconspicuously around his neck.
81	A few stores in the Dhanmondi Hawkers’ Market across the road had opened earlier while flying white flags.
82	A few years ago, some professionals from diverse fields came together on an e-platform to revive, learn and teach the most ancient and near-extinct "Sharda" script of Kashmir, a cursive script formerly used for writing Sanskrit and Kashmiri languages, thereby paving the way for the creation of a corps of 3,000 learned script writers.
83	A figure of an eagle on the inscription tablet was destroyed.
84	A flag which reads “The Great Seal of State of Jefferson” hangs next to a U.S. flag on a Main Street business, behind western-themed public art in the median, on Wednesday, Oct.
85	A flick of the wrist and a strong downward stroke of the forearm left the spike ringing on the tobacco stick.
86	A folk artist has painted 100 tigers in different postures using iron painting techniques on a huge piece of Xuan paper, a material specially made for traditional Chinese painting, with the artwork conveying a message of strength and bravery in the Year of the Tiger.
87	A foreign student practices Chinese calligraphy at National Taiwan Normal University’s Mandarin Training Center in an undated photograph.
88	A former senator has claimed in a video that the federal election writs were issued unlawfully by the governor-general and state governors as they did not contain the Great Seal of the Commonwealth of Australia.
89	A free admission culture fair with many family activities- Chinese calligraphy & painting, Lunar New Year photo booth, cuisine sampling, and many cultural booths.
90	A free festival celebrating Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month makes its return to Planting Fields Arboretum this spring with tours of Coe Hall led in Mandarin Chinese, a Chinese calligraphy demonstration and dance performances.
91	A free photo booth and Fai Chun (Chinese calligraphy) writing workshop have also been organised.
92	A gentle massage or rubbing-down by using downward strokes can be soothing.
93	A giant tablet each was installed on the two sides of the pedestal, bearing the inscription in English and Persian respectively.
94	A golden incense case from the Qing Dynasty (1644-1911), a white-glazed flower-mouth tea and saucer dating back to the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms Period (AD 907-979), and a handroll in running script by Lu Shen (1477-1544) of the Ming Dynasty (1368-1644) are among those on display as well.
95	A great design for any man or woman that is a limousine driver Official style Limo Driver uniform employee professional work apparel This premium t-shirt is made of lightweight fine jersey fabric Fit: Men’s fit runs small, size up for a looser fit.
96	A great sealed subwoofer can definitely produce concert and cinema level bass at high volumes, but its strength is quickness.
97	A group of heavyweight names including Dong Qichang (1555-1636), Wen Zhengming (1470-1559) and Zhao Mengfu (1254-1322) can be found.
98	A group run by the filmmakers Dereck and Beverly Joubert, unaffiliated with Ives’ project, has also begun flying white rhinos to Botswana.
99	A guest attends the press conference of an exhibition on the calligraphy and painting of Su Shi at the Palace Museum in Beijng, capital of China, Aug.
100	A guest looks at exhibits as he attends the press conference of an exhibition on the calligraphy and painting of Su Shi at the Palace Museum in Beijng, capital of China, Aug.
101	A guest looks at exhibits as she attends the press conference of an exhibition on the calligraphy and painting of Su Shi at the Palace Museum in Beijng, capital of China, Aug.
102	A guest takes photos of exhibits as she attends the press conference of an exhibition on the calligraphy and painting of Su Shi at the Palace Museum in Beijng, capital of China, Aug.
103	A gusting bustle of downward strokes calling all things that slide from grasp - as in false offers, as in the promise of fiction, as in expectation.
104	A harder press can translate to a more opaque brush stroke, or an angled stroke can look different thanks to simulated brush tip dynamics.
105	A hungry boy and a girl with a cardboard tablet with the inscription I'm hungry .
106	A jar of ODO-RO-NO cream deodorant for 39 cents, a container of baby powder was 39 cents, bottle of antiseptic for 89 cents, large tube of sun tan lotion for 89 cents, men’s greaseless hair tonic for 48 cents, a tube of effervescent tablets for 49 cents, a bottle of scented rubbing alcohol for 39 cents and package of 10 razor blades for 49 cents.
107	A known hater of modern architecture, Shubow helped craft Trump's controversial executive order intended to promote neoclassical architecture as the official style for federal buildings in Washington and at new federal courthouses elsewhere.
108	A known hater of modern architecture, Shubow helped craft Trump's controversial executive order that was intended to promote neo-classical architecture as the official style for federal buildings in Washington, DC., and at new federal courthouses elsewhere.
109	A kung fu master in China has showed off his unusual way of watering the flowers and practicing Chinese calligraphy - with one of his eyes.
110	A lack of digitalization and continued use of name seals for some documents are also among factors hampering Japan’s efforts to attract foreign banks and brokerages and better establish itself as an international finance hub.
111	A large black and white portrait of Burnett is on one wall of the school under a chart displaying the alphabet in cursive script.
112	A large hole had been blasted through the protective wall, the Great Seal of the United States was bullet-riddled and knocked down from above the door, and the lobby was a tangled wreck.
113	A large quantity of cash and a number of small sealable bags were also found.
114	A large watercolor on the wall depicting flowers is an attraction, while the “Four Treasures of the Study” — brushes, ink, inkstone and rice paper — and tools for carving are placed on a white glass tea table.
115	A lead tablet, dating from AD500, was found in the 1950s in the Roman theatre of Caesarea in Israel but the malevolent inscription, in Greek, was made legible only recently with the help of image-enhancing technology.
116	A left-wing, Soros affiliated organization, tweeted that a Trump campaign t-shirt featuring the bald eagle from the Great Seal of the US was, in fact, a Nazi symbol.
117	A line in Chinese art is used as and based on Chinese calligraphy, so it has to be fluid and it has to have movement, and be beautiful in itself.
118	A line of some strange cursive script ran its length, bracketed by a pair of birds inlaid in metal even darker than the wood.
119	A little girl tries Chinese calligraphy at the Chinese exhibition area of the 2019 Paris book fair in Paris, capital of France, on March 15, 2019.
120	A local newspaper reported at the time she called herself in court "Queen Vallahra Renita El Harre Bey" of "the Great Seal of Moors," an indigenous people who preceded the United States.
121	A logo reminiscent of the United States’ Great Seal stood as the backdrop for Kenneth Ning’s Spring/Summer 2018 runway, which foreshadowed the designs to come.
122	A long sequence of tasks can also effect the long running script dialog.
123	A look at both sides of this round MS-63 1853 California gold half dollar depicting the Great Seal of California sold for $12,925 at Kagin’s recent Orlando ANA auction.
124	A man is seen near ivories for making 'hanko' or carved name seals at his factory in Tokyo, Japan November 28, 2016.
125	A man looks at a piece of Chinese calligraphy artwork reading "Remaining true to the original aspiration" at an exhibition in Beijing's National Art Museum of China on October 19, 2017.
126	A man practices Chinese calligraphy on the ground at the Renmin Park in Urumqi, northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region, Aug.
127	A man prepares to cut an ivory for making 'hanko' or carved name seals at his factory in Tokyo, Japan November 28, 2016.
128	A man sells Chinese calligraphy with words of blessings on red papers for the upcoming Chinese New Year on a street in Hong Kong February 5, 2016.
129	A man wearing a face mask as he practises Chinese calligraphy on a pavement in Jiujiang, Jiangxi province, on Feb 3, 2020.
130	A man with a receding mullet and facial tattoos inked in elegant, cursive script is on the run after allegedly swiping sex toys from a Gold Coast store.
131	A man with a spectacular receding mullet and facial tattoos inked in elegant, cursive script is on the run after allegedly swiping sex toys from a Gold Coast store.
132	A marble inscription names the skeleton as Marcus Venerius Secundio, who is cited in a wax tablet archive as a former slave who became a custodian of the Temple of Venus after being released from servitude.
133	A mask can be added to the brush tip in order to create different brushes.
134	A massive banner above the couple read out “Halloween 2020” in a Pinterest-y cursive script.
135	A matching tablet bearing the inscription “Louise Mercer Memorial Park” is mounted on the brick pillar at the right hand side of the park entrance.
136	A maze of galleries showcase Chinese calligraphy, perfume bottles and blue-and-white porcelain along with print dresses, fabulous beaded gowns and embroidered jackets by the Western designers influenced by them.
137	A memorial stone tablet to commemorate Huang Yuquan, a Chinese air force pilot who sacrificed his life during the Songhu Battle against the Japanese intruders in 1932, has been preserved in the park.
138	A month after his lavish wedding in Florida, Beckham also showcased a new tattoo of his wedding vows, written in black cursive script on his right arm, on Instagram in May.
139	A month later, Manipur's legislature formally voted in Mayek as an official script of communication and instruction.
140	A mother has transformed her streaky shower glass from grimy to gleaming in five minutes by rubbing the door with a dishwasher tablet stuffed inside a sponge.
141	A mum and her daughter brought an exquisite Chinese calligraphy water-dropper to the show in 2017, where they revealed they had paid £10 for it.
142	A mum has previously revealed how rubbing a dishwasher tablet over your filthy oven door can get it grime-free in minutes.
143	A mysterious private-eye-or-whatever named Awesome Wang (Geng Le) shows up to thicken the plot, along with the usual posse of wacky American expats, among them the backslapping, self-appointed mayor of Shanghai's American Quarter (Bill Paxton) and an American inventor (Alan Ruck) who seems a tad too eager to show off his mastery of Chinese calligraphy.
144	A new error variety of the United States 20¢ Great Seal Official Mail coil stamp issued in 1983 has been discovered.
145	A new stamp in the Love series features USPS art director Antonio Alcala’s design with the word “Love” in cursive script and 12 colorful hearts.
146	A number of German names were listed on the tablet, with a general inscription as follows: “In memory of the men of this college who coming from a foreign land entered into the inheritance of this place and returning fought and died for their country in the war 1914-1919”.
147	A number of changes to the couple’s official style and titles were also made following their royal exit.
148	A number of on-ground activities were available for guests to participate in, namely Chinese calligraphy and paper cutting.
149	A painter gives his work to a girl during a Chinese calligraphy promotional activity at Badachu Park in Beijing, capital of China, Oct.
150	A pair of circa 1820 7-5/8-inch plates with the Great Seal of the United States, done in sepia, black and gold, reached $3,840, and a circa 1800 7¾-inch plate from the Commander John Stephen Decatur service went for $1,140.
151	A pair of vertical scrolls with parallel aphorisms written in Chinese calligraphy — “Put Down Your Burdens and Return to the Lord” and “Take Up Tranquillity and Celebrate Everlasting Life” — hung on either side.
152	A participant receives a bookmark with his name written in Chinese calligraphy on it at an exhibition to mark UN Chinese Language Day in Geneva, Switzerland, on April 20, 2023.
153	A person close to Meredith is selling "New Miss" merchandise and trying to trademark a logo with cursive script that is nearly identical to the university's Ole Miss logo.
154	A person close to Meredith is selling “New Miss” merchandise and trying to trademark a logo with cursive script that is nearly identical to the university's Ole Miss logo.
155	A person writes Chinese calligraphy during an event celebrating the upcoming UN Chinese Language Day in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, on April 19, 2023.
156	A photo of the Great Seal of the United State.
157	A photo of the Great Seal of the United States.
158	A popular haunt for the group, The Lord Keeper of the Great Seal in Oadby is the keeper of a consistently good chip count, with 10 meals averaging out at 30.7 chips per plate.
159	A portion of the more up to date alternatives incorporate carabiner topped containers, curve bolt sprayers, official style sprayers, and sanitizers with carabiners, rope, or key lords appended.
160	A poster child for “lean in” feminism, she pays grating lip service to lifting up other women (“That’s what this museum should be about, teaching women not to accuse each other, and not to be divided by the patriarchy”), but hardly bats an eye when she fires Becky for not following the official script as if it were scripture.
161	A poster said he is 120 pounds, has a "thin" build, is 5'11", is white, has brown hair, and has the following tattoos: "four tally marks with a line through them on his right cheek, red roses and green leaves on his neck, and cursive script above his left eyebrow." The FBI said it was offering a reward leading to the location of Crimo and noted he has ties to Rockford, DeKalb, and Elgin, Illinois.
162	A prominent figure in the local art scene since the 1990s, Chan’s newest artwork fuses Chinese calligraphy with the style of cold abstraction, deconstructing the structure of Chinese characters.
163	A protester took out a balloon attached to a banner bearing the phrase ‘release political prisoners’ in Chinese calligraphy.
164	A pupil from Intercultural Montessori Language School learns Chinese calligraphy in Chicago, the United States, June 2, 2019.
165	A recently launched research document entitled Global Four Treasures of the Study Market 2021 by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2026 contains a brief analysis of the basic details of the market valuation, industry expansion, and market growth opportunities that influence market growth.
166	A red label placed at a jaunty angle uses a homey cursive script to proclaim the contents, and the design incorporates a blank spot where producers can affix their label.
167	A rendition of the Great Seal of the United States with E PLURIBUS UNUM also is the reverse of the Kennedy half dollar.
168	A reporter panned the camera to show off the store's welcome banners with Chinese calligraphy, scarlet floral arrangements and pop-up shops featuring everything from luxury leather goods — in red, for luck — to serving pieces in silver and gold.
169	A research report on the global Four Treasures of the Study market offers a detailed analysis and comprehensive covid-19 impact analysis about the market share, size, trends, and growth prospects for the forecasted period of 2019-2027.
170	A resolute and often controversial figure in the Brazilian establishment, Costa’s contributions to Brazilian architecture helped to shape the distinctive modernism that was practically Brazil’s official style until the 1980s.
171	A right swipe will dismiss notifications, while a downward stroke lets you access menus for notifications, brightness and theater mode.
172	A robot writes Chinese calligraphy at the Shanghai expo last year.
173	A satirical take on the collision between East and West, the boar, with English writing, is seen mounting the sow, which is covered in Chinese calligraphy.
174	A savvy mum has revealed just how easy it is to clean your oven without having to spend - what feels like - hours scrubbing it - and all you need is tin foil and a dishwasher tablet.
175	A script note found by fans after the official scripts for the final season leaked online revealed that Jon, who had pledged his allegiance to Dany regardless of his heritage.
176	A second tablet has mysteriously appeared half-way down Lavinia’s grave, with an inscription apparently commemorating Lavinia’s daughter – Eunice Eales – who lived from 1928-2011.
177	A second tap of the button will either remove it from the queue or kill the running script, depending on what the status was when you hit it.
178	A security researcher discovered thousands of legitimate websites have been lowkey running scripts forcing visitors’ computers to mine cryptocoins.
179	A security researcher has discovered thousands of legitimate websites — many belonging to local governments and government agencies — running scripts that secretly force visitors' computers to mine cryptocoins.
180	A security researcher has discovered thousands of legitimate websites — many belonging to local governments and government agencies — running scripts that secretly force visitors’ computers to mine cryptocoins.
181	A session on Chinese calligraphy and another one on traditional tea ceremonies by the master will also help you find new ways to practice meditation and improve concentration and focus, even when you’re back home.
182	A set of manuscript pages with cursive script, or a picture of a foamy coffee on a counter with a stormy vista outside.
183	A seventh drawing depicted the Great Seal of the United States, with the eagle holding bullets and drug needles in its claws.
184	A sharp eye can spot the agility of the cursive script, the tension between the lines of the running script, and the volatility of the official script in turning a circle into a square, or an arc into a straight line.
185	A shop in Acocks Green has retained its licence to sell alcohol despite a ‘quantity of cannabis’ and 52,000 small sealable bags found on-site in February 2022.
186	A short podcast (transcript here) produced by the U.S. Currency Education Program discusses many of the details found in the Great Seal design, including the Eye of Providence that floats over an unfinished pyramid made of 13 steps.
187	A show like this would not be complete without strong, representative examples of Chinese calligraphy and Xiaoping Xu does more than oblige us.
188	A similar ceremony was also held at Rideau Hall, with the King's Privy Council for Canada issuing an Accession Proclamation under the Great Seal of Canada.
189	A single reindeer with a slender gold ribbon wrapped around its neck is set against a striped red background on the permanent-rate stamp.
190	A single rose, decorated with white ribbon, graced every seat, with the victim's name written in gold cursive script on its back along with a cross painted in red.
191	A single rose, decorated with white ribbon, graced every seat, with the victim's name written in gold cursive script on its back along with a cross painted in red.As members of the media were escorted four at a time through the chapel, a recorded voice could be heard reading verses of scripture.
192	A single rose, decorated with white ribbon, graced every seat, with the victim’s name written in gold cursive script on its back along with a cross painted in red.
193	A slender gold chain glinted against Van Patten’s long neck.
194	A slender golden figure of 33.2 centimeters tall and 4.3 kilos of weight is the maximum representation of becoming a star in the world of cinema, since the Oscar award is the culmination of a work for many artists, who by holding the statuette has an almost handmade work that is made in a workshop in New York.
195	A small detail was missing as US President Donald Trump announced his US-led missile strike on Syria: the Great Seal flag behind the POTUS was folded in a unique fashion and of course Twitter users noticed it.
196	A small fragment of a stone tablet was discovered in the Jerusalem Walls National Park, and it is bearing an inscription that records a financial transaction.
197	A small gold cross hangs from a slender gold chain around her neck.
198	A small interesting engineering aspect is that each block doesn’t sit directly on the one below, but on a small sealant pad which is just about visible in the recesses.
199	A small landscape by the celebrated Chinese artist Wen Zhengming (1470-1559) exemplifies the subtlety of ink monochrome paintings of the Ming dynasty (1368-1644).
200	A small seal attracted a lot of interest at Lerwick’s Small Boat Harbour on Tuesday lunchtime as it pulled itself up onto the ramp.
201	A small seal has washed up on the shore at Greatstone beach today (February 18).
202	A small seal in the corner reads: “Now available as an app!
203	A small seal linked to the Bible's King Hezekiah was discovered by Israel's archaeology experts.
204	A small seal was spotted swimming about along the Ipswich Waterfront.
205	A small seal was swimming near the rocky shoreline, and the orca family had used its massive collective bulk to send an underwater pressure wave racing toward it.
206	A small seal washed up on Greatstone beach yesterday (February 18).
207	A small sealed bottle with the label “California Crude Oil – Made [in] Marin 1981” (this one’s a mystery!
208	A specific interview begins with the CBI representatives reading from a formal script which outlines the statutory basis for the interview and possible outcomes.
209	A staff member practices Chinese calligraphy by a bionic hand at the 2021 World Artificial Intelligence Conference in east China's Shanghai.
210	A standout piece is the Great Seal, better known as “The Thing,” a wooden U.S. coat of arms given as a gift from Soviet schoolchildren to American ambassador W.
211	A statement at the time read: ‘The Queen has been pleased by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the Realm dated 31 December 2012 to declare that all the children of the eldest son of The Prince of Wales should have and enjoy the style, title and attribute of Royal Highness with the titular dignity of Prince or Princess prefixed to their Christian names or with such other titles of honour’.
212	A statement from the palace from the time read, according to Town & Country: “The Queen has been pleased by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the Realm bearing date February 22, 1957, to give and grant unto His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh, KG, KT, GBE, the style and titular dignity of a Prince of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Whitehall.
213	A statement issued by Femi Adesina, Special Adviser to the President (Media and Publicity) in Abuja on Thursday noted that Madu makes history as the first African born provincial Minister in Canadian history, and is also the Provincial Secretary and Keeper of the Great Seal of the Province of Alberta.
214	A statement released at the time read: “The Queen has been pleased by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the Realm bearing date February 22, 1957, to give and grant unto His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh, KG, KT, GBE, the style and titular dignity of a Prince of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Whitehall.
215	A stolen Chinese calligraphy scroll worth millions has been found in Hong Kong, after it was cut into half.
216	A stolen Chinese calligraphy scroll written by Chairman Mao Zedong and estimated to be worth millions of dollars has been found in Hong Kong, police said on Thursday, after it was stolen from an art collector's home in September.
217	A stolen Chinese calligraphy scroll written by Chairman Mao Zedong and estimated to be worth millions of dollars has been found in Hong Kong, police said on Thursday, after it was stolen from an art collector’s home in September.
218	A stolen, 9-foot Chinese calligraphy scroll believed to have been written by former Chairman of the Communist Party of China Mao Zedong has been found sliced in half by an unsuspecting, second-hand buyer.
219	A stone tablet preserved in the Colombo National Museum, Sri Lanka, has an amazing trilingual inscription – in Chinese, Tamil and Persian – showing that Zheng offered prayers to Allah, Buddha and Shiva-Vishnu, seeking their protection, and blessings for peace and harmony in the world.
220	A stone tablet thought to be about 1,500 years old with a, worn-down chiseled inscription of the Ten Commandments is seen in this photo released in Dallas, Texas, U.S., October 21, 2016.
221	A stone tablet with an inscription that was supposed to be of Phoenician origin appeared in Brazil in the 1870s.
222	A stone-like gua sha massage tool is used to scrape your skin in long, downward strokes.
223	A story recorded by Zhou Lianggong, an expert of seals in the Qing Dynasty, tells that Wen, the eldest son of master painter Wen Zhengming (1470-1559), was intrigued by stones carried by an old farmer, so asked where they came from.
224	A striking stage presence, tall and wispy as a figure of Chinese calligraphy, he boomed through Berg's difficult passages and riveted our gaze.
225	A stroll in the museum offers visitors glimpses of the exquisite remains of more than 1,000 types of stone tablets, the history of Chinese calligraphy and the brilliant calligraphic works of various dynasties.
226	A strong downward stroke is Aino Tapola’s strength.
227	A student learns Chinese calligraphy as a Chinese instructor helps at a community library in Wellington, New Zealand, Sept.
228	A student practices Chinese calligraphy at a community library in Wellington, New Zealand, Sept.
229	A student writes Chinese calligraphy during a first writing ceremony, a traditional education activity, at a school in Lanzhou, northwest China's Gansu Province, Sept.
230	A student writes Chinese calligraphy during an event celebrating the upcoming UN Chinese Language Day at the Confucius Institute at the University of Johannesburg in Johannesburg, South Africa, on April 19, 2023.
231	A study by Oklahoma University and Harvard University has challenged the view of some scholars that the ancient marble tablet known as the Nazareth Inscription had been installed in the region in response to the empty tomb of Jesus, as well as the claim by some others that it indicates that His disciples stole His body from the tomb.
232	A supporter of the movement to create West Virginia, Diss Debar was commissioned in 1863 to design the Great Seal of West Virginia.
233	A supporter of the movement to create West Virginia, Diss Debar was commissioned in 1863 to design the Great Seal of West Virginia.
234	A tablet bearing his likeness and an inscription about the city’s “first Line of Duty Death” is displayed prominently at the Ottawa Fire Fighters Memorial in the plaza outside City Hall.
235	A tablet covered in demotic and hieroglyphic inscriptions was also discovered at the location.
236	A tablet still (dating to 1917) remains in a fragment of the wall close to the tank and bears the following inscription: “Framji Cowasjee Tank.
237	A tablet unveiled during the services contains the inscription: “Rev.
238	A tapered brush tip allows you to get a super precise application and will reach all the tiny hairs you missed in the beginning.
239	A tasting menu of Chinese festival food will be provided starting at 12:30 p.m. Other activities include face painting, Chinese calligraphy, Chinese paper cutting, and a lantern craft.
240	A teacher from Confucius Institute in Bucharest demonstrates Chinese calligraphy during "Charming Beijing" tourism promotion event in Bucharest, capital of Romania, on Dec.
241	A team of historians found an ancient inscription tablet along with a snake sculpture belonging to the 17th or 18th century on paleographic grounds close to the remote village of Pappappatti near Musiri.
242	A third hailed: "Whoever the genius was who found out that rubbing a paracetamol tablet on a hot iron needs an award!
243	A third of people are no longer using a pen regularly and 39 per cent say email, messaging and social media are more convenient forms of communication than the old-fashioned cursive script they learned at school.
244	A third recommended rubbing a wet dishwasher tablet directly onto the marks instead.
245	A tiled Great Seal of California on the floor of the Ferry Building in 1948.
246	A total of 4,800 homes across four areas of the county will each receive a caddy and supply of liners for their kitchen and an additional small sealed bin for their food waste, which will be emptied every week.
247	A total of £690 was found on the person of the sole member of staff in mixed £20 and £50 notes, and ‘approximately 52,000’ small sealable bags on the premises.
248	A traditional Chinese calligraphy couplet event, featuring more than 100 calligraphers, is to be held at the Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall in Taipei on Saturday to welcome the arrival of Lunar New Year.
249	A traditional dragon and lion dance performance, musical acts and Chinese calligraphy were some of the activities that were listed on the team’s official website.
250	A traveling salesman of Chinese calligraphy brushes, his father eked out a living crisscrossing Henan to provide for the family, while imbuing in Gong the value of hard work.
251	A travelling salesman of Chinese calligraphy brushes, his father eked out a living crisscrossing Henan to provide for the family, while imbuing in Gong the value of hard work.
252	A two- by four-foot tablet, its inscriptions tell stories about a mythical water serpent—which poetic couplets describe as “shiny sky, shiny earth”—and several elderly, stony gods whose names aren’t given.
253	A two-in-one Brow Brush, which has an angled brush tip on one end and spoolie on the other, completes the sextet.
254	A video of the incident shared on social media showed the small seal chasing after a child in shallow waters.
255	A walker was surprised to stumble across this small seal pup on a coastal path 165ft (50m) up from the sea.
256	A wall text describes the drawing as evidence of Lewis’s interest in Chinese calligraphy, a passion he shared with other contemporary Abstract Expressionists.
257	A well known example of the Illuminati Eye appears on the reverse of the Great Seal of the United States, which is depicted on the United States one-dollar bill.
258	A white marble tablet is fixed on the first level of the minaret with an inscription in Persian language articulating the details of the monument.
259	A wholly different object on a table nearby resembled a tablet, though its lengthy inscription had eroded to the point where it was almost impossible to make out in this light.
260	A wide range of visual arts and crafts media are on display, including sculpture, tapa cloth, embroidery, tapestries, traditional painting, watercolour, and traditional Chinese calligraphy.
261	A wide variety of artifacts discovered in Susa includes carved cylinder seals, jewelry, clay balls, and clay tablets with cuneiform inscriptions recording business transactions, political history, and mathematical calculations.
262	A window pops up states: "script error" LIne: 8 char: 3 error: Access is denied code: 0 ---- Then at bottom of window asks if you want to continue running scripts.
263	A woman displays her Chinese name in Chinese calligraphy at a community library in Wellington, New Zealand, Sept.
264	A woman in Charlottetown is teaching children Chinese calligraphy as a way to preserve a piece of their written language and culture.
265	A woman in the middle holds a tablet with the inscription, “Sapientia,” which represents wisdom and enlightenment.
266	A woman learns Chinese calligraphy at the Egyptian National Museum in Cairo, Egypt, on Oct.
267	A worker puts finishing touches on cleaning the Great Seal of Michigan on Sunday, before inauguration festivities began that day outside the state Capitol in Lansing.
268	A zoom into Stacey’s video reveals that the cursive script says “Zachary” in tribute to Stacey’s eldest child.
269	A: Chinese calligraphy is an art form of the highest level.
270	ABRAMSON: That plays against the official script of the current demonstrations.
271	ACO Honess-Heather said: “We had been told that it was a small seal pup with green plastic caught round its neck, so just two of us attended the scene initially.
272	AIT now proudly displays the “Great Seal” above its imposing portcullis, something rarely noted at AIT’s previous home, the dilapidated “US Military Assistance and Advisory Group” Compound on Hsin-I Road dating from the middle of the last century.
273	AMD's testing of this issue under Windows hasn't uncovered problematic behavior.With the Ryzen segmentation faults on Linux they are found to occur within particular -- certainly not the workloads most Linux users will be firing off on a frequent basis unless intentionally running scripts like ryzen-test/kill-ryzen.
274	ANN ARBOR, MI - A collection of Chinese calligraphy donated to the University of Michigan this week is not only known for its historical significance.
275	ARA can automate all of the things that happen on an ad-hoc or scheduled basis around an environment, such as running the troubleshooting, resetting databases, or running scripts.
276	ASIA invites the Taylor community to experience Asian culture visually through the debut of the Chinese/American Exhibition, audibly through the Chorale’s performance of Guo’s original composition, tangibly through painting Chinese calligraphy on vinyls, and through tasting a traditional Asian tea called boba.
277	AUTRYVILLE — The Sampson County Board of Education proudly shook the hands of staff members from Clement Elementary School, while giving them a special gift — a crystal apple with the Great Seal of the United States.
278	Aaron Brewer then gets a great seal block on No.
279	Aaron also recently debuted a new face tattoo of Melanie’s name in a cursive script above his eyebrow.
280	Aaron also recently debuted a new facial tattoo of Melanie’s name in a cursive script above his eyebrow.
281	Abandoned - If you see a seal with a white, long-haired coat in the autumn/winter (like the picture above), or you see a small seal (less than a metre (three feet) in length) alone between June and August, then it is probably still suckling from its mother.
282	Abandoned : If you see a seal with a white, long-haired coat in the autumn/winter, or you see a small seal (less than 3 feet in length) alone between June and August, then it is probably still suckling from its mother.
283	Abandoned: If you see a seal with a white, long-haired coat in the autumn/winter, or you see a small seal (less than 3ft in length) alone between June and August, then it is probably still suckling from its mother.
284	Abandoned: If you see a seal with a white, long-haired coat in the autumn/winter, or you see a small seal, less than a metre long.
285	Abe’s efforts, meanwhile, have been hindered in some cases by reliance on fax machines and antiquated name seals to process official documents.
286	About Ampoules and Syringes Market Report: An ampoule is a small sealed vial made up of glass or plastic containing solution or powder that is usually made into solution for intravenous and intramuscular injections.
287	About a year ago, Sony released the DPT-RP1, a rather large E Ink slab that is the same size as a sheet of A4 paper (so you can really feel like you’re writing on that antiquated tree offering).
288	About five recipes in (sausage rolls, chocolate cake and a lettuce salad featuring frozen mixed veges) he clearly lost interest, so Mum claimed the book as her own, scribbling recipes in her cursive script.
289	About walking up 400 meters from Jinzibei, visitors will reach Tanyou Pavilion, in front of which is another Qing Dynasty stone tablet, which reportedly carries the inscription banning felling trees along the trail, evidences that the sense of environment protection had existed in the Qing Dynasty.
290	Above the sedilia [stone seats] on the west side of the steps is a tablet, which has been restored and re-lettered on more than one occasion and carries an inscription.
291	Above this is a large tablet with a dedicatory inscription mentioning Pope St Silvester , and between this and the entablature is a large window with a shallow arched top.
292	Above this sun shall be arranged in the arc of the circle, in gold letters, the words ‘South Dakota’ and below this sun in the arc of the circle shall be arranged the words in gold letters, ‘The Sunshine State’, and on the reverse of the blazing sun shall be printed in dark blue the Great Seal of the State of South Dakota.
293	Academic documents ought to be composed in a official style.
294	Accessories (all stored on board) are a versatile crevice tool with slide-down brush tip for dusting, an extension tube, a hose and a mini turbo brush perfect for getting pet hair off furniture and cleaning the car.
295	Accessorizing the somewhat space age look with elaborate silver earpieces, the camera concludes its journey on the Donatella Versace’s cursive script — her signature — and then to the company’s official logo.
296	According to Chantel, you don't need to waste your energy scrubbing away at the toilet or sink to remove stains and make them completely white again - all you need is a few dissolvable denture tablets.
297	According to Deadline, sources are claiming that mention of “diversity” in the show’s description is what points to the producers’ goal of an African American lead, although there is no official script yet and many details are not yet clear.
298	According to Dr. Issayans, teeth whitening pens disperse a whitening gel through a brush tip directly on the tooth when you twist or push a dial at the bottom.
299	According to Israel’s Biblical Archaeological Society, one onsite dig unearthed part of a stone tablet with an inscription connected to the Maccabees, the rebel army whose story is central to Hanukkah.
300	According to Karrie, Stamford has 19 programs for pre-primary to Grade Seven students, including fencing taught by a medal-winning Olympic coach, basketball, Chinese calligraphy, robotics, and more.
301	According to NPM, the 2018 fall/winter collection is inspired by classic calligraphy works like “Timely Clearing after Snowfall” by Jin dynasty (316-420) master Wang Xizhi and some of the museum’s most renowned antiquities such as Jade Boy and Bear and Jadeite Cabbage with Insects, both crafted during the Qing dynasty (1644-1911).
302	According to NTU, the program is also planning to arrange field trips to tourist attractions in northern Taiwan, as well as a series of cultural activities such as Chinese calligraphy, Chinese Chess and making dumplings.
303	According to Robbie, there was no formal script reading for her part.
304	According to Robinson, the caches throughout Belmont County are small sealed containers with knickknacks and other items, which people can swap for items they bring on the hunt with them.
305	According to Thornton, who wrote the 1996 book “Handwriting in America: A Cultural History”: “There was a standard model for cursive script and to deviate from it was not good.
306	According to Zhang, the painting was first created in Photoshop using digital brushes meant to imitate oil painting, then printed out on Xuan paper to give it that authentic feel.
307	According to a press release, the Ohio BMV designed the new “Sunrise in Ohio” license plate with input from Governor and First Lady DeWine, who took inspiration from the Great Seal of Ohio, the state’s diverse landscapes, Ohio’s past and present innovations, and the state’s bold, bright future.
308	According to a recent Deadline interview with Tarantino, the filmmaker said he had one day of rehearsal with Reynolds, who was present for the official script reading.
309	According to a source, the girls had gathered near a small tabletop fire pit that uses rubbing alcohol as fuel, and which is commonly sold at a variety of stores.
310	According to a statement signed by the Chief Executive Officer of FDA, the pack of the Zentel tablets, have inscriptions in Arabic.
311	According to an Authority spokesperson, there isn’t an official script nor a set caller ID for the call system yet, but they said a caller will identify themselves as from the Authority to assure a patient the call is official.
312	According to an inscription on a tablet displayed at the Fuggerei, the Fugger family established the foundation to “reimburse God the money that he has generously bestowed upon the family.” Furthermore, at the time, establishing a foundation was considered a good Christian deed that would shorten the time spent in purgatory.
313	According to celeb tattoo artist Keith McCurdy, Justin had delicate "little words" in cursive script above his right eyebrow – and Hailey got a tattoo to match.
314	According to experts, both pieces are written in hieratic or cursive script.
315	According to her, the programme provides a platform for visits to historic sites, high-tech firms, taste of traditional Chinese culture, practice of Tai Chi and writing Chinese calligraphy.
316	According to his proposals, Kokborok language which does not have an official script till now should be learned and imparted through the Devanagari script.
317	According to historic records, Wang developed a calligraphy style of its own by studying Yan Zhenqing (AD 709-784), a great calligrapher from the Tang Dynasty (AD 618-907), seal characters from the Qin (221-206 BC) and Han (206 BC-AD 220) dynasties and works by He Shaoji (1799-1873), a talented Qing Dynasty (1644-1911) calligrapher.
318	According to information obtained from the website of US Currency Education Programme, the first $1 Federal Reserve note was issued in 1963, and its design—featuring President George Washington and the Great Seal of the United States—remains unchanged.
319	According to information previously announced by the Iraqi Ministry of Culture, the archeological tablet was made of clay with the cuneiform inscription, which is part of the “Epic of Gilgamesh” and is considered one of the oldest literary works of mankind.
320	According to inscriptions on the recovered tablets, it was revealed that Tapputi used a combination of different types of flowers, oil, calamus, Cyperus, myrrh, horseradish, spices, and balsam among other ingredients to make her ancient perfume.
321	According to its website, the agency works directly with composers, lyricists and book writers of musicals to provide official scripts, musical materials and theatrical resources to more than 70,000 professional, community and school theatres in the U.S. and in over 60 countries worldwide.
322	According to local officials in Nanjing, Wu started paying for the inscription and maintenance of the tablets at the Buddhist temple in 2018.
323	According to media reports, the tablet with the inscription was originally found in 2019 by a team from the Associates for Biblical Research (ABR) led by archaeologist Scott Stripling.
324	According to our sources, hacker groups are renting IoT botnets and running scripts to carry out credential stuffing attacks against a wide range of online services.
325	According to reports, one stall was also giving aways cloth bags with Chinese calligraphy ambigrams which used the characters for both Hong Kong and 'add oil' and another was selling traditional 'fai chun' ney year greetings, blending traditional auspicious wishes with protest slogans and demands.
326	According to the Bible, the Ark of the Covenant contains two stone tablets with the inscription of the Ten Commandments.
327	According to the DOJ’s indictment, Rhodes not only encouraged and organized a secret plan to oppose the transfer of power from Donald Trump to Joe Biden by force, but also conspired with people who sent around photographs of their plans, handwritten in cursive script, since “messages in cursive […] eliminate digital reads.” Hoo boy.
328	According to the FBI, Crimo has the following tattoos: four tally marks with a line through them on his right cheek, red roses and green leaves on his neck and cursive script above his left eyebrow.
329	According to the FBI, Mr Crimo has tattoos on his face showing four tally marks with a line striking through them on his right cheek and a cursive script above his left eyebrow that reads “Awake”.
330	According to the Mumsnet poster, a wet dishwasher tablet can "clean all the grease off" your oven simply by rubbing it across the dirty surfaces of your appliance.
331	According to the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences, the pyramid actually represents one side of the United States’ Great Seal, shared in joint with the image of an eagle that you can see on the other side of the bill.
332	According to the Royal Marriages Act 1772, she then had to sign a notice of approval under the Great Seal of the Realm.
333	According to the Superdrug website the concealer, priced at £6.99, offers “skin tone-adapting technology and a precision brush tip” that “camouflages pigmentation, blemishes and signs of fatigue”.
334	According to the White House's website, the presidential seal "includes the president’s coat of arms, an eagle on the great seal, a ring of stars and the words, Seal of the President of the United States." It was thought to have originated "with the seal used by the President of the Continental Congress, a small oval with a constellation of 13 stars surrounded by clouds.
335	According to the arrest report, Arellano Martinez also had multiple small sealed jars containing marijuana and a pipe in his car.
336	According to the brand, the Tattoo Studio Ink Pen Liquid Liner features a precise brush tip with 350 bristles intended for an easy glide-on application and a saturated color payoff.
337	According to the canine’s Instagram bio, he’s a ‘Pawfessional toy destructor’, ‘Official style grasp of momma’s cooking’ and is on Instagram to affect pet food.
338	According to the criminal complaint, agents with the Drug Enforcement Administration and Homeland Security Investigations were investigating the distribution of counterfeit fentanyl-laced Oxycodone tablets with the inscription “M30,” being shipped from the Santa Rosa area to Virginia, and to more than a dozen other states, including Tennessee.
339	According to the information received from the Raj Niwas, in the coming days, work will be done on the policy of investigation, detection and treatment (Test, Tech and Treat) in Delhi and small sealed areas will be made in the areas of infection.
340	According to the inscription on the tablet, the courtyard is the site of a temple called Xianying Palace.
341	According to the latest report added to the online repository of QY Research the Four Treasures of the Study market has witnessed an unprecedented growth till 2020.
342	According to the official script for Black Panther: Wakanda Forever, multiple scenes throughout the film originally included brief moments of romance between Namor and Shuri.
343	According to the official script pages, which the show’s Twitter account posted in July, the scene was initially very NSFW.
344	According to the official script, our country ratified the conservative achievements of that decade.
345	According to the popular makeup brand that's headed up by the ever so cool Emily Weiss, it features a super-fine, flexible brush tip that hugs the lash line without tugs or skips.
346	According to the report published by Zeal Insider, the global Four Treasures of the Study market generated $xx.xx billion in 2016, and is estimated to reach $xx.xx billion by 2023, registering a CAGR of x.xx% from 2017 to 2023 (click here to know the xx.xx value).
347	According to the report, the small sealed lead acid (SSLA) category of chemical composition type is the most popular in the global automotive battery market and estimated to hold around 38 percent of total revenue of global market with 6.7% of CAGR.
348	According to the state constitution, a bill must have the Great Seal of the State affixed to it.
349	According to various user reports online (particularly Reddit), the reason for the bug is because a recent update to "Skyrim Anniversary Edition" was running scripts way faster than older builds can.
350	Achieve Lisa’s full look with her signature cat eye, made possible by this liquid eyeliner pen with a precision brush tip so you can draw on a perfect stroke.
351	Across Leicestershire there is also The Sugar Loaf in Market Harborough, The Monkey Walk in Coalville, The William Wygston in Wigston, The Lord Keeper of the Great Seal in Oadby, The Baron in Hinckley, The White House in Scraptoft, and The Kettleby Cross in Melton Mowbray.
352	Across the day, they were taught traditional Chinese activities including the lion dance and Chinese calligraphy, as well as having the chance to learn more about Chinese customs and dress.
353	Across the estimated timeline there was a period of around four days when the Conti and Karma attackers were simultaneously active in the target’s network, moving around each other, downloading and running scripts, installing Cobalt Strike beacons, collecting and exfiltrating data, and more,” said Sean Gallagher, senior threat researcher, Sophos.
354	Across the estimated timeline there was a period of around four days when the Conti and Karma attackers were simultaneously active in the target’s network, moving around each other, downloading and running scripts, installing Cobalt Strike beacons, collecting and exfiltrating data, and more,” says Sean Gallagher, senior threat researcher at Sophos.
355	Act Two followed with fireworks portraying wild cursive script to echo abstract art, as when Cai had observed his father writing calligraphy as a child.
356	Actividades Lucerna was created to organise activities to bring the library alive, and so far it has arranged language classes for newcomers, smartphone clinics for seniors and a Chinese calligraphy workshop organised by a Taiwanese resident teacher, among others.
357	Activities and demonstrations include jewelry-making, drum-making, animal mask-making, soccer tricks, map games, Chinese calligraphy and more.
358	Activities being held throughout the day include tai chi classes, a lantern-making workshop and Chinese calligraphy classes.
359	Activities scheduled throughout the day include: Asian food, Lion and Dragon Dance Performances, Asian decorations, bubble tea, Chinese calligraphy and more traditional activities.
360	Activities such as Chinese calligraphy, New Year card making, paper cutting and Chinese food tasting were arranged to welcome all families.
361	Activities such as running scripts, or using apps that access private information, are altered now such that users are prompted with one-time permission-granting requests.
362	Activities will include Moroccan spice tasting and Chinese calligraphy, Scandinavian woven heart basket and Swedish yarn doll instructions.
363	Activities will include a Chinese tea ceremony, Chinese calligraphy, ping-pong, hacky sack, paper cutting, and making shadow puppets and Peking opera masks.
364	Activities will include martial arts demonstrations, expert tours of objects from China in the Royal Armouries collections, have-a-go Chinese calligraphy sessions and a chance to meet Mulan herself.
365	Actress, Nkechi Blessing has unveiled her official style and position for her birthday today, February 14th, 2023.
366	AdBlock Plus stops coin mining websites from running scripts on your browser.
367	Add 1 dishwasher tablet to a tub full of hot water and turn on the jets to clean the areas you can't get to with your normal tub scrubbing.
368	Add in the great seal block by receiver Robert Woods (No.
369	Add natural color with the easy application brush tip that glides on effortlessly.Light is ideal for blonde to light hair.
370	Add the name of your animal in cursive script or hand cut felt lettering, or embellish your work with sequins, ribbons, and vintage fabrics.
371	Adding the date and location below pervert Moore's creepy inscription and signature is not "forging" anything.
372	Additional inscriptions are CHEROKEE SYLLABARY as well as Sequoyah's name in English at the lower border and in Cherokee above his writing tablet.
373	Additionally, a cylindrical tablet with a cuneiform writing inscription is another item that shows the long cultural history of Asia.
374	Additionally, beneath Prince Harry's label are two olive branches: adopted from the U.S. Great Seal .
375	Additionally, teams who were established in the early 1960s have designs that incorporate cursive script logos and even rope designs placed on the connection between the brim and crown of the hat.
376	Additionally, the report includes the study of opportunities present in the Four Treasures of the Study market on a global level.
377	Additionally, the report provides an in-depth assessment of the Four Treasures of the Study market, highlighting data on various aspects including opportunities, market drivers, and threats.
378	Additionally, the team has also figured that the cursive script logo looks good on a black background as well.
379	Additionally, the thickness of the horizontal strokes in each letter is proportional to the minimum thickness of the letter creating balance and harmony.
380	Additionally, this new feature will simplify running scripted measurements, with data available to script in real time.
381	Additionally, this report offers a comprehensive analysis of the supply chain, regional marketing, opportunities, challenges, and market factors to accurately predict the global Four Treasures of the Study market.
382	Additionally, traditional Lion Dancers will be located throughout the arena, and on the main concourse, fans can have their names written in custom Chinese calligraphy and receive a sampling of Nian Gao desserts.
383	Additionally, when you are making horizontal strokes, always remember that they should go from left to right.
384	Additionally, with a heat index of over 95, three Louisville shelters are flying white flags outside to show that they are taking in those living on the street while the dangerous weather continues.
385	Adjusting to the fine tip markers might need some practice, so start with the chisel or brush tip markers.
386	Admission was free for 600 festival-goers who enjoyed music, a talent show, food trucks, henna tattooing and Chinese calligraphy.
387	Adopting the Phoenician alphabet in around 1100 BC, within a few centuries, the Arameans had transformed it into their own flowing cursive script: Aramaic.
388	Adults can participate in this immersive cultural celebration with Ben Ng, Snug Harbor’s educator in Chinese calligraphy, and enjoy artistic activities like ink wash painting and chun lian writing.
389	Adults, meanwhile, will have the chance to take home a customized Chinese calligraphy painting by calligrapher Jinan Tsai.
390	After Diana and Charles divorced in 1996, her new official style was Diana, Princess of Wales – as determined by a letters patent the queen issued that same year, which declared that any former wife of a prince could no longer use the style HRH.
391	After Diana and Charles divorced in 1996, her new official style was Diana, Princess of Wales — as determined by a letters patent the queen issued that same year, which declared that any former wife of a prince could no longer use the style HRH.
392	After a GNOME user posted an intriguing use case for running scripts in the Nautilus, developer Carlos Soriano decided to revert to allow running of binaries and scripts from the file manager.
393	After a few hushed moments of consideration, the Oklahoma City 8-year-old drew a slender golden object from the box slung around James Harrison Monaco's neck.
394	After a painstaking search, it was eventually traced to a wooden replica of the Great Seal of the United States, which the Soviets had given to the U.S. government as a present at the end of the war, and was proudly on display in Kennan’s embassy study.
395	After a semester of learning, students have developed a strong interest in Chinese calligraphy.
396	After a two year hiatus, the FX hit comedy series It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia returns for it’s 15th season, making it the longest running scripted comedy in history.
397	After a year’s efforts through collaboration with Shanghai Museum, we thoroughly explored Songjiang’s painting and calligraphy heritage, and successfully launched the exhibition here,” said Peng Yefeng, curator of the Dong Qichang Art Museum.
398	After all, how can a state exist without a Great Seal.
399	After all, two of the longest running scripted shows on television are South Park and It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia, popular comedies that make ignorant, intolerant characters the butt of the joke.
400	After an ugly, early exit from Manchester United prior to the 2022 World Cup, the Portugal great sealed a move to Saudi Arabian club Al Nassr.
401	After applying a serum, the tool should be passed along the skin in downward strokes – starting at the forehead, moving across the temples, down the cheeks, the jawline, lips and then the neck.
402	After applying a water-based mask or serum, you use it to massage your face in slow circles or vertical strokes for up to ten minutes.
403	After being invited by Mr Chebukati to explain to the candidates what informed the first postponement, Ms Cherera put aside the official script to lament the secretive nature of IEBC operations.
404	After concentrating on her cheek area, Jordyn went on to shave her forehead in downward strokes.
405	After conducting a historiographical analysis of the tablet's purported purpose, Mansfield and Wildberger took a closer look at the tablet and its inscriptions.
406	After conducting a historiographical analysis of the tablet’s purported purpose, Mansfield and Wildberger took a closer look at the tablet and its inscriptions.
407	After creator and executive producer Akiva Goldsman pitched the show to Tom, the actor signed on as the star and an executive producer without seeing one official script.
408	After eight explosions occurred inside the college gates, there were two more blasts in the middle of the road, which led to disorder.A few shops in the Dhanmondi Hawkers' Market across the road had opened earlier while flying white flags.
409	After going to the toilet, it turned out that Evgenia was carrying 90 small sealed bags.
410	After his firing, Brody failed to return his work computer, logged into the company’s computer system, and “began running scripts to delete code and damage the software infrastructure,” the complaint alleges.
411	After his move to Paris, we see Bearden’s early efforts in oil painting ending up in an era called “Finally, Oil.” Here, we find that Bearden was not comfortable using oil until the late 1950s when Mr. Wu, a local bookshop owner, taught him about Chinese calligraphy and ink painting.
412	After installing both of them I tried running script again and it was successful.
413	After interpreting the meaning of the Chinese character "fu," Li Li, a teacher wrote "fu" with a Chinese brush, spreading the artistic charm of Chinese calligraphy to her students.
414	After many choices, Shen Yongpeng determined the five historical figures Yang Guifei, Li Qingzhao, Su Dongpo, Huang Tingjian and Hua Tuo.
415	After many researches, Shen Yongpeng finally determined Rui dipteroxiang from Concubine Yang, Meixiang from Li Qingzhao, Agarwood from Su Dongpo, Jiaxiang from Huang Tingjian and Aixiang from Hua Tuo.
416	After mixing just three of the tablets with some warm water in a spray bottle, she said she let the solution soak in for five minutes before scrubbing the sofa "hard" with a dish wash brush - using a towel to absorb the dirty water.
417	After mixing just three of the tablets with some warm water in a spray bottle, she said she let the solution soak in for five minutes before scrubbing the sofa “hard” with a dish wash brush — using a towel to absorb the dirty water.
418	After mixing three of the tablets with some warm water in a spray bottle, she said she let the solution soak in for five minutes before scrubbing the sofa "hard" with a dish wash brush - using a towel to absorb the dirty water.
419	After mixing three of the tablets with some warm water in a spray bottle, she said she let the solution soak in for five minutes before scrubbing the sofa “hard” with a dish wash brush — using a towel to absorb the dirty water.
420	After mixing three of the tablets with some warm water in a spray bottle, the woman said she let the solution soak in for five minutes before scrubbing the sofa "hard" with a dish wash brush — using a towel to absorb the dirty water.
421	After nearly eight years in the U.S., Zhang feels “part Americanized,” but he regards himself as Chinese, and has continued to read Chinese classical poetry and philosophy, as well as practice Chinese calligraphy — an art that he learned at age 7.
422	After scrubbing the glass door with a disinfectant, I turned to the internet to find out different methods to try, one of which involved using a dishwasher tablet.
423	After soaking the kettle in warm water along with six denture tablets for 20 minutes, the stubborn stains completely stripped off without spending hours of scrubbing.
424	After some detective work, we discovered that replicas of the Great Seal of Upper Canada were generated by the Globe and Mail in the 1960s to celebrate 100 years of Confederation.
425	After spritzing the cloth a few times, I wiped down my phone in vertical strokes.
426	After studying law, he had obtained a choice position as secretary to Thomas Egerton, Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, when he met the woman who would alter the course of his life.
427	After taking the medicine, Wang Xizhi reckoned it was ineffective and thus created the legendary work.
428	After taking the oaths of office, Mr Yousaf posed for pictures with the Great Seal of Scotland, which is used to cast a wax seal applied to documents authorised by the monarch.
429	After that, I clamped the wood to my work table and proceeded to cut in a downward stroke.
430	After the 2020 election, Secretary of State Doug La Follette affixed the Great Seal to the piece of paper certifying that Joe Biden beat Donald Trump in Wisconsin.
431	After the Storm, a mixed-media sculpture designed and created by Ohio artist Kevin Lyles, is now on permanent display at the COVID-19 Pandemic Memorial Grove at Great Seal State Park in Chillicothe.
432	After the Storm, a mixed-media sculpture designed and created by Ohio artist Kevin Lyles, is now on permanent display at the COVID-19 Pandemic Memorial Grove at Great Seal State Park.
433	After the approximate 30-minute train ride, disembark with your guide at Himeji station for the short walk to UNESCO World Heritage-listed Himeji Castle.This national treasure is also called Shirasagi Castle (White Heron Castle) for its exterior walls that look like a flying white heron.
434	After the death of Emperor Qin Shi Huang, Li Si and the eunuch Zhao Gao decided to override the emperor's wishes and installed their own chosen prince as the successor.
435	After the death of his parents, he went through financial difficulties, but he always had his brush and ink stick by his side.After majoring in visual arts in college and living as a designer for over ten years, all he had to show for himself was a bad credit rating.
436	After the essay “The Whistle Provider” was deleted, internet users used martian language, braille, emojis, Morse code, seal script, Classical Chinese—all sorts of methods—to launch an anti-censorship relay race.The works that remain will surely go down in the annals of internet history.
437	After the local press caught the replication, Cuccinelli claimed his pin had been copied from another “antique” great seal.
438	After the shooting, Cowboy stood outside the club, a dark red building that shares a storefront with a bar, its sign in a cursive script with two dice.
439	After the show, the festival will feature hands-on Chinese craft demonstrations in crafts like paper lantern making and Chinese calligraphy.
440	After the visit, Ma wrote, "Strive to revitalize the Chinese nation peacefully" in traditional Chinese calligraphy.
441	After these performances, there will be some crafts, like Chinese calligraphy, happening near the mall’s JCPenney store.
442	After this fiasco with the Cummings saga, I have got to ask people to stay at home and not leave their home for any reason - that's the official script.
443	After visiting the US embassy in Moscow a group of Soviet children gave the ambassador a Great Seal of the US as a gift (pictured).
444	After whacking 84 off 55 balls for his Hutt District club on return to the crease last weekend, the stylish leftie then plundered a Neil Wagner and Scott Kuggeleijn-led ND attack, profiting off the back foot with some brilliant hook strokes, along with some lovely under-the-eyes, wristy drives through the off-side, hitting 14 fours and six sixes in his 212-ball stay.
445	After you leave the locker room after getting your clothes and gear back, you will see a huge stone tablet with Chinese written on it.
446	Again using her cursive script for poetic reflections, after setting down an orange ground on a collaged piece of drawing paper attached to the canvas, she melds two memories when she narrates looking at a photograph with her father (not identified in the text).
447	Air Jaws: Ultimate Breach Off (Discovery at 8) Jeff Kurr and crew watch, perched on a small seal sled, as a colossal Great White breaches.
448	Akhtar's personal traits manifesting in the character makes sense, as in a departure from the normal casting process, there was no formal script offered to him for the film.
449	Akil kept her in mind for future roles for the day when she was running her own TV series instead of answering calls and running scripts.
450	Alabama Legacy Moment: The Great Seal of Alabama from Alabama NewsCenter on Vimeo.
451	Albion agreed to pay for the inscription and local funeral directors Gallaghers gave the granite tablet, as well as tidying up the weather-beaten headstone.
452	Albright said she was “truly delighted” to be there and quipped that she was “especially grateful to appear at the center in person and not as an exhibit — at least not yet.” Wearing a broach of the Great Seal of the United States, she also announced that she would donate her collection of pins and broaches.
453	Alexander Cunningham is said to have visited the site in the early 1860s and inspected the area for a certain stone tablet (something that probably had an inscription on it) that purportedly went missing and was never recovered!
454	Alexander explained that the final prize for completing all 50 traditions is a beautiful graduation stole embroidered with “WSU Traditions Keeper” in cursive script.
455	All Secretary of State offices, including the Office of the Great Seal, will be closed Oct.
456	All academic essays ought to be written in an official style.
457	All along, the landmark has boasted close connections with the local Chinese community, be it the selling of mooncakes in the Mid-Autumn Festival or Chinese calligraphy writing on homeware during the Chinese New Year.
458	All current technological innovations, industry trends, and market data are presented in the Global Four Treasures of the Study report for the forecast period.
459	All dependencies installation can be done manually or using PowerShell window - running script rnw-dependencies.ps1.
460	All events, including the pre-ceremony concert, the swearing-in and transfer of the Great Seal, had been scheduled for the State Library grounds.
461	All four sides of the tablet have inscriptions about Yi in a total of 248 Chinese characters.
462	All journalists these days – at least the ones who don’t follow the official script – are subjected to an ongoing, relentless harassment at the hands of government corporate Australia, and it’s getting worse.
463	All of the above-mentioned inscriptions, stone tablets, etc.
464	All of the other tablets and inscriptions were uncovered within the vicinity of Jerusalem and in the city of Beit Shemesh, Haaretz noted.
465	All of this and more has been covered in the research report through which you will gain a deep understanding of the Four Treasures of the Study market and its facts and figures.
466	All of this substitution was decreed, and duly notarized, over the great seal of Chancellor Metternich.
467	All one has to do is consider all the atrocities recorded in history, not just the hard-hitting headlines of modern news outlets, but the very pages of scripture, stone tablets, papyrus, cave walls, and temple inscriptions, all record the sinfulness of man and groanings of creation through natural disasters throughout every generation.
468	All prescribed medications to be disposed of should be contained inside their original bottle or placed inside a small sealed container (i.e.
469	All prizes have been kindly donated by Dr. and Master Sha, a Calligraphy grandmaster who holds the positions of National Chinese Calligraphy Professor and Honorable Researcher, the highest honors for Chinese calligraphy.
470	All she has to do is dab a little to the cheeks, forehead, chin and nose, then blend into the skin using outward and downward strokes.
471	All the absurdly costed items carried an unobtrusive cursive script sign below their per-kilo price tags with ridiculous food narratives.
472	All the action takes place by subverting normal Windows processes and running scripts in memory.
473	All the boards can be personalised, but they all already have the word ‘kitchen' pre-engraved in cursive script, so whatever your mum’s name is, you can get it put onto the board.
474	All the previous tournaments’ oddballs back to World Cup Willie were on parade plus this edition’s one, La’eeb - a flying white head-dress.
475	All the previous tournaments’ oddballs back to World Cup Willie were on parade plus this edition’s one, La’eeb – a flying white head-dress.
476	All these elements were collected by the cosplayer Kei, a native of Japan, to be interpreted in a cosplay in which she herself adds an analysis tablet and a coffee cup with the inscriptions of the Red Patrol.
477	All this happens as part of an automated pipeline, so without any need for filtering, or running scripts manually.
478	All those teachers’ pension checks going to Arizona addresses, or fire personnel pension checks headed to Colorado with the Great Seal on them.
479	All those years of learning how to create neat cursive script went out the window the moment the first wordprocessor appeared.
480	All three vulnerabilities were found by following the flow of execution to a _run_hooks_for_state method, which is responsible for finding and running scripts.
481	All you need is a dishwasher tablet and a little patience scrubbing.
482	All you need is a smartphone, tablet or laptop to view paintings, sculptures, jewellery, furniture, textiles, writings and inscriptions and objects that transport you to other worlds.
483	All you need is a smartphone, tablet, or laptop to view paintings, sculptures, jewellery, furniture, textiles, writings and inscriptions and objects that transport you to other worlds.
484	All you need to do is add black horizontal strokes (like pine trees) all over the sketch to bring out the galaxy-like effect in the background.
485	All you need to do is wrap up part of the oven in foil, submerge in water and a dishwasher tablet for several hours - and voila, after just a couple of minutes of light scrubbing, they looked sparkling clean.
486	Allowing everyone to deliver the message in a style that feels natural to them—focusing on key messages versus a formal script—is going to be your organization’s greatest chance for success.
487	Almost every Chinese person begins his/her learning of traditional calligraphy or handwriting by imitating the regular script of Yan Zhenqing.
488	Almost spilling out of the generous cups, the thigh-skimming piece showcased her slender golden pins in delicate metallic sandals.
489	Almost two thousand clay tablets from the Achaemenid Empire, whose inscriptions reveal details of the Persian civilization that existed some 2,500 years ago, are now on display in the National Museum of Iran after eight decades in the United States.
490	Alok Hsu Kwang-han’s work is a synthesis of the beauty of Chinese calligraphy, the spontaneity of Zen, and the evolution of Western Psychotherapy.
491	Along one wall, the Turin Judicial Papyrus recounts in hieratic script -- a cursive script used by many scribes -- the punishments meted out for the coup attempt mentioned above.
492	Along with a delicate pair of slender gold hoop earrings, the actress rocked an edgy pair of black sunglasses atop her flawless complexion.
493	Along with its elections duties and to safeguard the state’s official documents, including the constitution and Great Seal, and the state archives, the Secretary of State office also registers businesses, commissions notaries public, and manages state ballot initiatives.
494	Along with the gigantic bones, the team discovered tablets bearing ancient inscriptions.
495	Along with the logos, vendors received the official style guide and the already in-use general district logo.
496	Along with throwing the Molotovs into the empty offices in the wee hours of the morning of May 8, the alleged arsonist also defaced its walls, writing slogans such as "if abortions aren't safe then you aren't either" in a distinctive cursive script.
497	Alongside the X-height, proportions, contrast (thickness of the vertical and horizontal strokes), serifs offer typographers a fantastic way to give their creations… character.
498	Alongside the declaration that was made public Thursday, the queen signed an Instrument of Consent, a formal notice of approval, transcribed in calligraphy and issued under the Great Seal of the Realm.
499	Alongside the declaration, the queen signed an Instrument of Consent, a formal notice of approval, transcribed in calligraphy and issued it under the Great Seal of the Realm.
500	Alongside the declaration, the queen signed an Instrument of Consent, a formal notice of approval, transcribed in calligraphy and issued under the Great Seal of the Realm.
501	Alongside the declaration, which was made public Thursday, the queen signed an Instrument of Consent, a formal notice of approval, transcribed in calligraphy and issued under the Great Seal of the Realm.
502	Also arising from the incomplete nature of the new Government was the unconventional presence at St James’s Palace of several new Cabinet ministers, not yet Privy Counsellors, and a Lord (High) Chancellor without a Great Seal of the Realm.
503	Also coming up: “A Garden of Words: The Calligraphy of Liu Fang Yuan,” exhibition of contemporary Chinese calligraphy (Part 1: Aug.
504	Also in the issue, The Weekend Interview speaks to Lam Soon Singapore's Whang Shang Ying about his love for Chinese calligraphy and jazz.
505	Also known as the "wonton" font, this typeface was commonly used by old restaurants that mimicked Chinese calligraphy strokes.
506	Also known as the brun-swine, selchie or powart, the grey’s Latin name – Halichoerus grypus or ‘hook-nosed sea pig’ – is somewhat unflattering, but in Gaelic culture, where it has long been revered, it is simply Ron-Mor: the great seal.
507	Also nearby are two large state parks (Great Seal and Tar Hollow), with rugged hills, and on-site camping.
508	Also note that in the Great Seal, the pyramid has 13 layers of bricks.
509	Also on display are a famous trilingual inscription from the time of Darius I, a bull-headed capital and carved staircase, a statue of a sitting dog that looks like it was carved just weeks ago, and four foundation tablets inscribed in cuneiform.
510	Also on display is a seal created by Deng Shiru, founder of the Wan Style during the Ming and Qing dynasties.
511	Also on sale is a replica of the Great Seal of the U.S., given by a Soviet boy-scout organization to the American ambassador to Moscow in 1946 in gratitude for wartime aid.
512	Also under Ivan III, the Code of Law (Sudebnik) of 1497 was introduced, thus creating a unified legal environment for the citizens of the Moscow State, and the two-headed eagle was applied as the coat of arms of this state – it appeared on the Great Seal of Moscow created in 1497.
513	Also, an oversize document signed by Napoleon Bonaparte (as “Nap” bottom center), dated May 16, 1813, in which he appoints a Norman politician as Baron of the Empire, with a Great Seal, should command $4,000-$5,000.
514	Also, an oversize document signed by Napoleon Bonaparte (as “Nap” bottom center), dated May 16, 1813, in which he appoints a Norman politician as Baron of the Empire, with a Great Seal, should command $4,000-$5,000.A two-page letter written and boldly signed by Harry Houdini (as “Houdini”), dated Feb.
515	Also, free arts and crafts including Chinese calligraphy.
516	Also, the global Four Treasures of the Study market research study provides a wide comparison with economies and region populations to recognize the implication of the Four Treasures of the Study market by the changing regional scenario.
517	Also, to require that these agreements be signed by the governor and filed in the state office of the great seal, similar to the practice for new laws.
518	Alternate versions of the film had been written with the likes of Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson, Kevin Bacon, Jean-Claude Van Damme, Joe Pesci, Matthew McConaughey, Patrick Swayze, and more in the part, and the official script pages of these cameos that might have been have been revealed by the screenwriters including alternate versions featuring Sylvester Stallone and Mark Hamill!
519	Alternatively, drop by for other in-store activities like Chinese calligraphy (Jan 18 and 19) and auspicious lion dance (Feb 2).
520	Alternatively, you can let the tablet dissolve in the water, grab a sponge and start scrubbing.
521	Alternatively, you can use small sealable plastic bags.
522	Although Calicut was the dominant port city, Cochin had emerged as a rival, and the Chinese Admiral Zheng He delivered a stone tablet inscribed by the Emperor himself.
523	Although Franklin didn’t directly endorse the wild turkey for that honor, and his proposal for the nation’s “Great Seal” didn’t include any bird, he detailed in a letter why wild turkeys are more honorable than bald eagles.
524	Although Tibetan culture can be controversial in China, Tseden, who had the Chinese name Wanma Caidan, always worked through official script approval and censorship channels.
525	Although his career as an artist was brilliant but short-lived, Matthew Wong (1984–2019) was celebrated for his paintings evoking a diverse range of historical references — from Chinese calligraphy and scroll painting to Pointillism.
526	Although it is not clear whether Prince Charles would remove any titles, many members of the Royal Family already live without any official style.
527	Although it is not the reappearance of Wang Xizhi’s description of drinking fine wine by the river, the running stream still brings refined pleasure as enjoyed by the ancient literati of China.
528	Although my design isn't perfect, I thought this vintage stamp / wax seal style was just that little bit different than all the other vectors out there.
529	Although not all Russians believe it, this is the official script both have stuck to since they announced at their party's congress last September 24 that Putin would be returning as president and Medvedev would become prime minister.
530	Although not all Russians believe it, this is the official script both have stuck to since they announced at their party’s congress last September 24 that Putin would be returning as president and Medvedev would become prime minister.
531	Although set in full daylight, the range of colours in the clouds is broad, and they contrast with the even, dark hills formed from dense vertical strokes of paint.
532	Although she has been based in Seattle, Washington, for more than three decades, Ko’s paintings have been strongly influenced by her studies of traditional Chinese calligraphy and Buddhist meditation, so working with the very spiritually oriented U-Theatre would seem to be a natural fit.
533	Although the Great Seal showed a bald eagle for a long time before an eagle moved into the mint, Peter the Mint Eagle would become its official mascot after its death.
534	Although the inscription on the tablet only partially remains, archaeologists believe it read: “To the Divine Augustus Tiberium.
535	Although the number of viewers has dropped over the years, the third-longest running scripted TV show on NBC is still a reliable performer and attracts an impressive number of viewers in the delayed and digital viewing.
536	Although the occupant has fulfilled a variety of different roles throughout history, it has consistently been their duty to hold the Great Seal of the Realm, which has come to symbolise his office.
537	Although there is little proof, many believe that when designing the American Great Seal, George Washington asked Salomon what he wanted as compensation for his generosity during the war.
538	Although “The Only Podcast left is the first official scripted podcast coming from Netflix, Variety’s report (plus common sense from knowing how Netflix operates) heavily implies more original scripted podcasts are on the way.
539	Alutiiq people made larger floats from the skins of a small seals.
540	Always a highlight, food this year will include pot stickers, veggie lo-mein, burgers, tacos, bacon quesadillas, and empanadas and there will be an abundance of children’s activities including origami, trick yo-yo demonstrations, face painting, and Chinese calligraphy and crafts, courtesy of the Port Jefferson Free Library.
541	Always brush or comb with a downward stroke.
542	Always divided, but also united, as it is written on his Great Seal: Among the many, one (Among the many, one).
543	Amazing Stories | Apple's first official scripted order, the individual episodic anthology is a reimagining of Steven Spielberg's original series that transports viewers to worlds of wonder through the lens of today's most imaginative filmmakers, directors and writers.
544	Amazon's E Ink slabs were first introduced to the world in 2007, and currently there are four models with varying feature sets—even one for kids.
545	Amazon’s E Ink slabs were first introduced to the world in 2007, and currently there are four models with varying feature sets—even one for kids.
546	Amelia-Ahn Lou, 8, practices her Chinese calligraphy during a Lantern Festival to celebrate the Chinese New Year.
547	America has a Great Seal.
548	American diplomats were incensed in the aftermath of discovering the Soviet bug within the great seal, and regularly called out counterparts in Moscow for it.
549	American students practising Chinese calligraphy at the Confucius Institute in San Francisco, US, September 27, 2014.
550	American technicians in 1952 discovered a small, sophisticated listening device hidden in a wooden carving of the “Great Seal” of the US, which was a gift from Soviet girl scouts to the wartime and post-Second World War US ambassador Averell Harriman in 1946.
551	Amid the COVID-19 outbreak, several professionals from diverse fields in Maharashrta's Aurangabad have come together to learn Modi, a cursive script formerly used for writing Marathi.
552	Among Benson’s responsibilities, she is the chief election officer for Michigan and also oversees vehicle registration, licensing of automobile drivers, notaries public and is the keeper of the Great Seal of Michigan.
553	Among other discoveries, in 1962 at Caesarea, archeologists discovered a fragmentary third century inscription with the name ‘Nazareth’ which they say may have been part of a tablet displayed on a synagogue wall.
554	Among other noteworthy changes, this point release introduces a new ‘Paste Shape Style’ action in the Edit menu to help you only paste a copied vector shape’s style into other vector shapes, a new toolbar button for the Wraparound mode, and six new brushes that support the new RGBA brush tip feature.
555	Among the clues which help crack the case is a clay tablet inscription.
556	Among the finds of the earliest archaeological excavations in 1951-56 and later in 1983 at the ancient mound inside the city of Haran were a 16-line cuneiform inscription from the 6th century BCE regarding the Babylonian king Nabunaid alongside a terracotta tablet piece with a 4-line cuneiform inscription regarding the same king, among other objects.
557	Among the master calligraphers represented in the gift are Yang Weizhen, Wang Shouren, Wen Zhengming, and Wang Duo.
558	Among the numerous coins issued earlier this year is the latest in the “Great Dates of Humanity” series’ celebrating American independence included a two-ounce silver, high-relief version of the famous diplomacy medal that features the Great Seal of the United States.
559	Among the phrases proposed by retainers, the emperor chose Liu Gongquan’s, which read “A warm breeze from the south blows the cool gentle wind to a royal palace.” The emperor was pleased with the phrase, as Gongquan said it must be the cool gentle wind that explained why the emperor liked summer, which is often disliked by others for hot weather.
560	Among the relics found were stone paintings featuring the social life of Cao's time, stone tablets bearing inscriptions of sacrificial objects, and Cao's personal belongings.
561	Among the sites or scenes featured are Cherokee Rock Village, Little River Falls, the Cherokee riverboat, a past courthouse, the Signal Hotel, the Cobia Bridge, Weiss Dam, Sand Rock School, Gaylesville Academy, Cedar Bluff School, the entrance to Estes Field at the old Centre Middle School, Spring Garden School and the first Great Seal of Alabama (which saluted the state’s bicentennial in 2019).
562	Among the society’s managers was William Creighton, Jr., Ohio’s first Secretary of State and the designer of the Great Seal of Ohio.
563	Among the works he has published with Stanford University Press are The Poetics of Appropriation: The Literary Theory and Practice of Huang Tingjian, 1045-1105 and Asian/American: Historical Crossings of a Racial Frontier.
564	Among them are the seal of New Jersey, the Continental Board of Admiralty seal, the seal of the American Philosophical Society, the Treasury seal and even the Great Seal of the United States.
565	Among them was William Cowper, Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, representing the English commissioners.
566	Among these types, the LDPE segment is holding the largest share of the market on account of the distinguished properties offered by this polymer such as higher gas and moisture and greater sealability.
567	Among these, the most revered throughout East Asia is Chinese calligraphy.
568	Among treasures housed in the museum are a camera for peering through walls, an exploding lump of coal, and a Great Seal of the US, given by Soviet children, that hung in a US ambassadors office for seven years before a listening device was discovered inside.
569	Among various types of papers, Xuan paper holds an important place as massive ancient documents and artworks might not have survived till today if not for the durable paper.
570	Ampoules Packaging is a small sealed vial which is used to contain and preserve a sample, usually a solid or liquid.
571	An Arabic proverb decorates the edge of the bowl — written in elegant Kufic calligraphy, one of the oldest Arabic scripts known for its short vertical and elongated horizontal strokes.
572	An FBI wanted poster described his tattoos as including "four tally marks with a line through them on his right cheek, red roses and green leaves on his neck, and cursive script above his left eyebrow." The FBI poster also noted he has ties in Illinois to Rockford, DeKalb and Elgin.
573	An FBI wanted poster described his tattoos as together with “four tally marks with a line through them on his right cheek, red roses and green leaves on his neck, and cursive script above his left eyebrow.” The FBI poster additionally famous he has ties in Illinois to Rockford, DeKalb and Elgin.
574	An admirer of Su Shi’s masterpieces and calligraphy writing techniques, Chen was enraptured with joy when receiving the letter — it was not only the message from an old friend but a treasure from an icon of that era.
575	An alternative to a continuously running script is a service that is scheduled to run every minute.
576	An ampoule (also ampul, ampule, or ampulla) is a small sealed vial which is used to contain and preserve a sample, usually a solid or liquid.
577	An ampoule is a small sealed glass or plastic sealed bottle, which is used to contain and preserve a sample, usually a solid or liquid.
578	An ampoule is a small sealed vial made up of glass or plastic containing solution or powder that is usually made into solution for intravenous and intramuscular injections.
579	An ampoule is a small sealed vial which is used to contain and preserve a sample, usually a solid or liquid.
580	An ancient lead tablet with a written inscription in Hebrew was discovered on Israel's Mount Ebal and speaks of curses similar to that in the Old Testament.
581	An ancient stone tablet bearing a historic inscription of the Nikouria decree, dating back to the 3rd century BC, has resurfaced on the island of Amorgos after it had gone missing for roughly a century, the culture ministry announced on Friday.
582	An ancient stone tablet bearing a historic inscription of the Resolution of Nikouria, dating back to the 3rd century BC, has resurfaced on the island of Amorgos after it had gone missing for roughly a century, the culture ministry announced on Friday.
583	An anonymous reader writes:Michael Larabel writes via Phoronix: "With the Ryzen segmentation faults on Linux they are found to occur with many, parallel compilation workloads in particular -- certainly not the workloads most Linux users will be firing off on a frequent basis unless intentionally running scripts like ryzen-test/kill-ryzen.
584	An anti-government protester holds a flag with Chinese calligraphy that reads "Liberate Hong Kong, the revolution of our times", during a protest at Mong Kok, in Hong Kong, China May 10, 2020.
585	An anti-government protester holds a flag with Chinese calligraphy that reads “Liberate Hong Kong.
586	An array of fortune-telling, zodiac forecast, Chinese calligraphy, Chinese paper-folding and Chinese food lined up in the Capitol’s dome yesterday to celebrate the Chinese New Year.
587	An art that goes beyond art, Tao Calligraphy is a unique form of meditative art that builds on the ancient art of Chinese calligraphy.
588	An artificially intelligent robot impresses visitors with its Chinese calligraphy skills at the fourth China International Import Expo held in the National Exhibition and Convention Center (Shanghai) in east China’s Shanghai, Nov.
589	An artist performs Chinese calligraphy writing at an exhibition to mark UN Chinese Language Day in Geneva, Switzerland, on April 20, 2023.
590	An attempt to pass out from the back went awry and Miedema pounced, wrong-footing Anke Preuss to get a shot away but a flying white shirt blocked the effort.
591	An auction company called RR Auction sold the manual last Thursday that bore an inscription and signature by Steve Jobes and Mike Markkula, who was an early investor in Apple.
592	An auspicious dinner for hotel guests with Yu Sheng tossing was served following the traditional Lion and Dragon Dance, Prosperity tree picking and lucky Chinese calligraphy.
593	An avid reader and Chinese calligraphy buff, Chen worked closely with Xi for more than four years as Zhejiang's propaganda chief, running Xi's regular column in the provincial newspaper and cultivating his growing profile.
594	An award-winning, vegan, liquid eyeliner with an ultra-precise brush tip for easy application to create the iconic cat-eye, and more.
595	An eagle holding an olive branch, 13 arrows and a shield with 13 stripes running down it — this image makes up half of the United States' Great Seal.
596	An early Hebrew inscription from Mount Ebal near Nablus that was found on a folded lead tablet during an excavation in the 1980s recently underwent x-ray tomographic measurements to reveal hidden text.
597	An early lead certainly aided the running script, but New York's formations also spoke to a concerted effort to run the ball.
598	An early work of Yan Zhenqing, a famous calligraphy master of the Tang Dynasty (618-907) and inventor of the Yan Script, was found for the first time in an archaeological excavation as an epitaph on a tomb.
599	An elegant shield, it is inscribed with his name, but bears the old territorial seal, despite the fact that Jessen was sheriff some four decades after Wyoming became a state and adopted a new Great Seal.
600	An enduring myth surrounding George Washington’s coat of arms is that it provided the basis for the ‘Stars and Stripes,’ and the Great Seal of the United States.
601	An epitaph from an unearthed tomb in the Xixian New Area, on the city's outskirts, was written by Yan Zhenqing (709-784), according to the name inscribed on the stele.
602	An ergonomic triangular design integrates the comfortable rubber earfins and soft rubber eartips, providing a very solid fit and great seal, easily ranking among the most comfortable true wireless earbuds we’ve tested.
603	An ergonomic, triangular design integrates comfortable rubber earfins and soft rubber eartips, providing a very solid fit and great seal.
604	An exhibition at the art museum of Shanghai Oil Painting and Sculpture Institute is conducting a "visual dialogue" between Chinese calligraphy and sculpture via art pieces.
605	An exhibition of Chinese calligraphy by Master Tang Yu-Shiun, who has adopted the artistic name Bai Chuan.
606	An exhibition of Chinese calligraphy is being held to mark the opening.
607	An exhibition on the calligraphy and painting of Su Shi (also known as Su Dongpo), a famous litterateur of the Northern Song Dynasty (960-1127), will be held here from Sept.
608	An illustration of just how far from the real word they are came in an official style guide produced for BAFTA guests by the London College of Fashion which encouraged attendees not to chuck out their outfits that cost many thousands of pounds after wearing them just once.
609	An in-depth understanding of the Four Treasures of the Study industry based on the market size, growth, opportunity, and development plans suggested in the analysis of the report.
610	An ink slab dated to the first or second century A.D. was discovered at Mikumo-Iwara in 2016.
611	An inscription on a marble tablet inside the tomb reads: “This tablet was erected by the officers of the Queen Victoria’s own Corps of Guides to commemorate the fact that the Corps was raised on the December 14, 1846 in Peshawar by Lieutenant H.
612	An inscription on an ancient Greek tablet has finally been translated nearly 70 years after it was unearthed — revealing a curse against a famous dancer.
613	An inscription on the huge wooden tablet reads: “This tablet is erected in memory of the relatives of members of this synagogue who perished by Nazi oppression and whose graves are unknown.
614	An inscription on the tablet reads, “This space is for affixing additional stamps.
615	An inscription, originally written on a statue of Tudhaliya but then recopied onto a tablet from the time of Tudhaliya’s son Suppiluliuma II, reads: “I seized the king of Alashiya with his wives, his children, … All the goods, including silver and gold, and all the captured people I removed and brought home to Hattusa.
616	An internet bot is a software application that performs automated tasks by running scripts over the internet.
617	An official script contains all the dialogue lines used in a film or TV show, with the writer’s notes about what each character was thinking or feeling in any particular scene.
618	An outline is reportedly underway, with an official script still far from being started.
619	An update in the latest bill reads: "The Parliament of Canada assents to the issue by His Majesty of His Royal Proclamation under the Great Seal of Canada establishing for Canada the following Royal Style and Titles".
620	Analysis of the inscriptions on the stone show the person carving them was familiar with both the informal style of writing used for documents and the formal script for illuminated Gospel books of the time.
621	Analytical Tools: The Global Four Treasures of the Study Market Report includes the accurately studied and assessed data of the key industry players and their scope in the market by means of a number of analytical tools.
622	Ancient Chinese calligraphy works and paintings were fetched a total price of 1.08 billion yuan during the day's auction events.
623	Ancient Chinese chancellors Li Si and Li Linfu doomed the Qin and Tang dynasties, respectively, through their greed, argued a piece in a June publication by the Communist Party's anti-corruption watchdog.
624	Ancient tablet and stamp models are important for people called epigraphers, who reconstruct and translate ancient inscriptions.
625	And " Oriental simulation fonts " (or letterforms designed with aesthetic markers of a particular culture) didn't just approximate Chinese calligraphy.
626	And I cannot see the Great Seal,” he said (video mark 8min 54sec).
627	And I think that was time I was very skeptical of following official scripts about state fact.
628	And Prince Harry and Meghan Markle decided to forego an official style for their son for the moment and will have him known as Master Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor.
629	And Vlad (Goldin) had a great seal, allowed me to get to the rim.
630	And Vlad (Vladislav Goldin) had a great seal, allowed me to get to the rim.
631	And Vlad [Goldin] had a great seal, allowed me to get to the rim.
632	And Vlad had a great seal, allowed me to get to the rim.
633	And a light tower with the words "Dear Bess" and reproductions of letters in a cursive script that Truman wrote to his wife, Bess.
634	And a light tower with the words “Dear Bess” and reproductions of letters in a cursive script that Truman wrote to his wife, Bess.
635	And a renewal for "SVU," which is expected, will at 21 seasons make the "Law & Order" spin-off the longest running scripted drama in television history.
636	And a slate tablet bearing the same words is planned to be placed over the original inscription.
637	And according to multiple sources, many speculate that Monroe’s flying white dress scene from The Seven Year Itch led to their divorce.
638	And although there's no tapered brush tip to target braces, this option is still good for removing plaque and flushing away debris and bacteria.
639	And arguably, one of the most important cultural claims by the Lebanese to being instrumental to global literacy is embodied in the tablet containing the Phoenician inscriptions which represent the writing revolution in the 1st Millenium with the invention of 22 consonants in the alphabets.
640	And as if the Great Seals of states including Arizona and Michigan weren’t enough, Merriweather helpfully separated real from fake when the committee showed how fake electors made false certifications claiming Trump won and submitted them to the National Archives.
641	And at a table in the New Haven Museum’s rotunda, Scylla Ng and Christy Cheung — exchange students from the Chinese University of Hong Kong — showed dozens of people an hour just a little bit about Chinese calligraphy, which meant, for this pesky reporter and many others, a toe in the water of the deep pool of the history of the written language.
642	And beneath the prince’s Label are olive branches, which are adopted from the Great Seal of the United States.
643	And finally, at right, held in the beak of the eagle that was also a symbol of Rome, we have a banner with the famous phrase “E pluribus unum” that also appears on the Great Seal, which conveys patriotic “unity” from a “plurality” of origins: “E pluribus unum” is an adaptation of a verse from Moretum, another bucolic that was believed, at the time, to have been written by Virgil.
644	And he wears large, wrinkled sleeves to appear "like a flying white butterfly" when he performs to the Chinese song, Butterfly Lovers.
645	And in his conference speech this afternoon, Sir Keir doubled down on the row, diverting from his official script to say: 'If we need to break the impasse, Labour campaigning for a public vote must be an option.
646	And it also includes replacement tips, 3 brush tips and 2 Fineliner tips.
647	And it dupes some of us into demanding uniformity over diversity, denigrating our neighbors, and turning our back on the very motto inscribed on the Great Seal of our Republican in 1782: e pluribus unum.
648	And it was a great seal of approval for us.
649	And its fine felt and brush tips make it easy to create whatever you like.
650	And like other Marshall speakers that have been released lately, the Emberton boasts signature brand details that make an aesthetic standout in comparison to other Bluetooth speakers, including the iconic Marshall cursive script and a flashy brass pairing button.
651	And nobody has the time, space or patience to accommodate that much greenery."This has been a common misconception for some time," says environmental engineer Michael Waring at Drexel University."Plants are great, butof your home or office environment."But a small sealed chamber is very different to a real indoor environment in a big building.
652	And of two orders in council directing the Lord Chancellor to fix the great seal to the proximate proclamations approved.
653	And on October 13, it’s Queen’s turn to appear on TV’s longest running scripted show.
654	And round the corner, a man is squatting and writing Chinese calligraphy on tiles.
655	And so there’s a surge to the spiritual foundation of our culture, symbolized in the obverse of the Great Seal, the pyramid with the glowing eye on the top… and this vision of an unfinished pyramid.
656	And so, there was no sort of official script or final script, authorized script.
657	And so: E Pluribus Unum, “Out of many, one,” our nation’s motto as placed on the Great Seal of the United States by an act of Congress in 1782, remains as true today as ever.
658	And sure, classically speaking, the ellipsis gets three dots in the middle of a sentence and four dots at the end and gets a slightly different spacing from simply three periods, but that’s the kind of rule that copy editors care about, not composers of casual emails who have no dedicated ellipsis character on their keyboards.
659	And that leads me to this conclusion: Florida should have on its Great Seal a fish, either saltwater or freshwater, but some recognition of how important fish are to Floridians.
660	And that suddenly, even though I knew that nothing about him would change, everything about him would now be conveyed the dignity of the great seal.
661	And that’s not all: After Johnson has wrapped production on his upcoming superhero flick, “Black Adam,” Abel will receive the actor’s official script as a late Christmas gift.
662	And the beeswax, a by-product of beekeeping, is used to seal every act passed by the Scottish Parliament and to fill the Great Seal of Scotland.
663	And the brush-on fragrance pen ($11.99), is a silky, quick-drying gel with a brush tip applicator, to carry with you wherever you go for a quick scent touch-up.
664	And the final “and most important” safeguard the researchers put in place was to not make any actual appointments – something worked into the official scripts.
665	And the frustration – at least for me – isn’t eased when official scripts kick in.
666	And the miraculous cleaning tablet is here to cut down on the time we spend scrubbing.
667	And then I thought it was a perfect space to put the Chinese character for Tiger … It goes right in the fin, and it just happened to fit perfectly with the Chinese calligraphy.
668	And then “We use the butt” in like a classy, engraved cursive script?
669	And they will also have a chance to study Chinese calligraphy.
670	And this cleaning fanatic stunned people after getting thick grease of a baking tray with zero scrubbing thanks to a dishwasher tablet.
671	And though kanji shodo is referred to as "Japanese calligraphy," in reality, it is "Chinese calligraphy practiced in Japan," according to Akagawa.
672	And though kanji shodo is referred to as “Japanese calligraphy,” in reality, it is “Chinese calligraphy practiced in Japan,” according to Akagawa.
673	And to bring this back around to the "you," if you've read this far and want to delve even deeper, there's a lot of advice out there on how to build great sealed decks and on playing Limited Magic in general.
674	And towering over it all is the sign for Dolle's salt water taffy, designed in a cursive script.
675	And we decided to use Chinese calligraphy in the graphic because it is such a distinct part of Chinese culture.
676	And we have forgotten the motto developed for the first Great Seal of the United States in 1776 – created to make the point that the 13 British colonies rebelling against their colonial master were now the United States of America.
677	And when he picked up Chinese calligraphy later in life in an attempt to improve his Mandarin, the sensation of ink on brush touching and soaking fragile rice paper created a cosmic alchemy of pleasure, inspiration and redemption.
678	And when you nice guarded and getting access and coverage is such an imperative element of the ability to actually have physicians getting the comfort in the fluidity of running scripts and probably still very much in the early stages of its launch.
679	And while they’re likely to never catch up to the 70 season run of Meet The Press, The Simpsons is still the longest running scripted prime-time series in the history of American television.
680	And yet there are cases that are so blatant,” she went on to say, citing one case involving radio stations in the Czech Republic running scripts written entirely by a Chinese state-owned broadcaster.
681	And you can block websites from running scripts (Figure D).
682	And you can just brush paint on with an adjustable brush tip.
683	And you stroke your arms downward from the shoulder to the elbow over and over again, this downward stroke from the shoulder to the elbow, while you hug yourself.
684	And “ Oriental simulation fonts ” (or letterforms designed with aesthetic markers of a particular culture) didn’t just approximate Chinese calligraphy.
685	And, Hayley Hasseloff , 26, made a statement once again as she arrived in Manchester on Wednesday, clad in a red windbreaker emblazoned with Chinese calligraphy.
686	And, I can still read cursive script–a useful skill when reviewing archival documents.
687	And, I say “entity” because it’s only a matter of time before we see attacks attributed to artificial intelligence applications, not just attackers running scripts or sitting in front of their keyboard.
688	And, again, as head of the State Department, the secretary of state is responsible for its keeping, so Blinken is the current custodian of the Great Seal.
689	And, because the official language of Taiwan is Mandarin and the country’s official script is written in traditional Chinese letters, students worked with the visitors’ Taiwanese teacher, Wen-Su Li, to come up with questions that worked around the language barrier.
690	And, beneath the king’s signature, was his great seal pressed into the wax with the king’s own ring.
691	And, finally, olive branches are also visible, and they're adopted from the Great Seal of the United States.
692	And, if you’re a fan of traveling with your glass, they’re a great seal, staying totally leak-free.
693	Andamen’s collections take inspiration from Indian themes, including, most recently, the seals, tablets, and inscriptions of the ancient Indus Valley civilisation.
694	Andrews paints the lake and its reflections in narrow horizontal strokes dominated by blues and greens.
695	Andrews was among 72 students that did not advance out of the first round when he misspelled “cartouches,”, a carved tablet or drawing representing an ornamental scroll with rolled-up ends often bearing an inscription.
696	Andrews was among 72 students that did not advance out of the first round when she misspelled “cartouches,”, a carved tablet or drawing representing an ornamental scroll with rolled-up ends often bearing an inscription.
697	Android devices such as the Galaxy Tab rely on the user-mode dhclient system (part of the dhcpcd package) dhcpcd program, which no doubt brings a lot of additional overhead such as loading the program, context switching, and perhaps even running scripts.
698	Animated series for adults have been popular for years — after all, The Simpsons is the longest running scripted series in primetime TV history.
699	Animating the cursive scripts, however, presented a unique challenge.
700	Ann diligently contacted the Office of the Great Seal only to learn that any application sent in since the shutdown in March would not be processed until the State reopened for business – whenever that is.
701	Another Bengaluru-based company, Ce Chem Pharmaceutical, is engaged in the manufacture and sale of different pharmaceutical formulations comprising tablets, capsules, oral liquids and dry syrups, besides Isopropyl rubbing alcohol IP and Chlorhexidine Gluconate and Isopropyl Alcohol solution.
702	Another Chinese calligraphy class will be held on Saturday, 2.30pm at City Library.
703	Another awardee was local Chinese calligraphy practitioner Tan Siah Kwee, a Nanyang University alumnus from the Class of 1972.
704	Another bedroom is located at the opposite front corner of the house and is furnished with an antique daybed with white bed linens and an intriguing canvas rug with cursive script that appears to be in French.
705	Another big difference with the Honolulu markers is that the brush tip is reversible!
706	Another celebration was held in the afternoon at the Royal Hawaiian Center with Chinese calligraphy, and a Royal Wish wall.
707	Another contractor proposed a 30-foot steel mesh barrier with the Great Seal of the United States on each panel.
708	Another difference is that Chinese calligraphy is written from top to bottom, while in khat, the characters are written from right to left, he explained.
709	Another great shrub for endless bright yellow color is slender goldshower, Galphimia gracilis, also known as thryallis.
710	Another is a satirical drawing of the Great Seal of the United States, with the eagle holding bullets and drug needles in its claws instead of an olive branch and 13 arrows.
711	Another is from Torpedo and Bombing Plane Squadron One, the card adorned with the squadron’s insignia, best wishes for Christmas and the New Year, and “Commander and Mrs. Ellyson” in cursive script.
712	Another is the Lippe lip seal, which is a great sealant for chapped lips.
713	Another item on the back of the dollar bill is the Great Seal, a masonic symbol carrying the date 1776.
714	Another notable feature is the lack of scrubbing or "elbow grease" needed after the tablet is done fizzing.
715	Another notable observation from the patent is the possibility of recreating different painting techniques and styles with the brush tip.
716	Another past recipient is the Singapore Hokkien Huay Kuan Arts and Cultural Troupe, which has been running arts and cultural classes for more than 30 years, with activities ranging from drama to Chinese calligraphy to hosting.
717	Another person who taught at the Academy of Philadelphia was Charles Thomson, who became the Secretary of Congress, signed the Declaration, designed the Great Seal of the United States, and signed Congress’ authorization for Robert Aitken to print the Bible.
718	Another prominent witness was Hugh de Wells, bishop of Lincoln and keeper of the great seal.
719	Another reap the benefits of utilizing smooth, bleedproof paper is the fact that you’re preventing fraying of this brush tip.
720	Another ribbon cutting ceremony was also held, immediately after, at the Great Seal of Guam Park nearby.
721	Another shout-out to Alwyn: The name “Joseph” is in Chinese calligraphy at 0:28.
722	Another suggested rubbing the stain directly with the tablet instead of soaking.
723	Another water-based option, Sakura’s Koi series features a chunky, solid brush tip that retains its point for a long time.
724	Another way to disinfect your reusable water bottle using this soaking technique is to use a drop-in tablet that is specifically made to be used without scrubbing.
725	Anthony Kuhn / NPR / Local students as well as ethnic Chinese students from abroad attend a Chinese calligraphy class.
726	Anthony Kuhn / NPR / NPR Local students as well as ethnic Chinese students from abroad attend a Chinese calligraphy class.
727	Anthony Kuhn / NPR Local students as well as ethnic Chinese students from abroad attend a Chinese calligraphy class.
728	Anti-extradition bill protesters wave flags with Chinese calligraphy that reads "Liberate Hong Kong, the revolution of our times", at a mass demonstration after a woman was shot in the eye during a protest at Hong Kong International Airport, in Hong Kong, China August 12, 2019.
729	Anti-extradition bill protesters wave flags with Chinese calligraphy that reads "Liberate Hong Kong, the revolution of our times," at a mass demonstration at Hong Kong International Airport, in Hong Kong, China, Aug.
730	Any decision would have to be made with the Queen’s agreement and she could still step in make the baby boy a prince by issuing a Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the Realm.
731	Anyone who goes by Bubba already has a chance to make a list like this, but the combination of the great first name and the super-fun last name seals the deal.
732	Anyone wishing to utilize the Great Seal must request written permission from the Secretary of State.
733	Anyway my Internet Explorer web browser started running very slow after that and I was getting popups along with long running scripts.
734	Apart from acting, I was welcome to voice my creative input…I was able to bring in Chinese calligraphy, tai chi, all these authentic Chinese cultural things into the show.
735	Apart from many Chinese calligraphy works that express "love others, love yourself" or "bright," the kitchen and bedrooms look exactly the same as those of local ordinary families in the early 20th century.
736	Apart from the language, she also started learning Chinese calligraphy.
737	Apparently as a result of criticism, Scot replaced the small reverse eagle in 1798 with a heraldic eagle modeled after the Great Seal of the United States.
738	Apparently, as a result of criticism, Scot replaced the Small Eagle reverse in 1798 with a heraldic eagle modeled after the Great Seal of the United States.
739	Apparently, everything has been finalized and only a formal script reading for Pawan Kalyan will take place soon.
740	Apple has also specially designed the earcups to provide a very superior audio experience and a great seal.
741	Apple or slices in small sealed container.
742	Apple's first official scripted order, the individual episodic anthology is a reimagining of Steven Spielberg's original series that transports viewers to worlds of wonder through the lens of today's most imaginative filmmakers, directors and writers.
743	Application or End User: This part of the research study shows how different application segments contribute to the global Four Treasures of the Study market.
744	Apply a combination of paint and glaze with a regular roller making vertical strokes.
745	Apply a hydrating lipstick that contains lip nutrients with a brush, buffing in the color with a series of small vertical strokes.
746	Apply creams using downward strokes of the palms of the hands.
747	Apply it in two or three light coats, using upward strokes for the upper lashes and downward strokes for the lower ones.
748	Apply liberally, working from dry areas into the paint’s wet edge and finish with gentle, vertical strokes.
749	Apply the base coat in long vertical strokes using the flat side of the wax — you get more on that way.
750	Apply the gel directly to the teeth using the brush tip applicator.
751	Apply the whitening serum to your teeth, and use the Snow's teeth brush tip applicator to help it apply all over your teeth.
752	Apply this wax exactly the same as the base coast, long vertical strokes.
753	Apply to your forehead, nose, cheeks, and chin and blend all over using gentle downward strokes.
754	Approaching the end of the War of Independence, Congress chose to put on the Great Seal of the United States the phrase, “Novus Ordo Seclorum,” which they understood to mean, “A new order of the ages,” or, “A new age now begins.” They hoped that what they were accomplishing would inspire people everywhere to create governments in which humanity could live with freedom and dignity.
755	Approved by Congress in 1782, America’s traditional motto emblazons our coinage as well as the Great Seal of the United States: “Out of many, one.” From the beginning, our founders’ envisioned a united people.
756	April 5, 2021, 2:24 p.m. ET April 5, 2021, 2:24 p.m. ET What are we looking at when we’re looking at the Great Seal of the State of Minnesota?
757	Aptly named, John Baldessari’s “I Will Not Make Any More Boring Art” is an installation that lithographs the words “I will not make any more boring art,” repeated in a neat cursive script, reminiscent of getting lines as punishment in grade school.
758	Apu Nahasapeemapetilon, the infamous Indian owner of a convenience store on the world’s longest running scripted TV series, The Simpsons, needs no introduction.
759	Aquino consented to a search of his belongings and inside a backpack that he was carrying the officer located three small sealed plastic bags containing a significant amount of methamphetamine.
760	Archaeologist Dr. Scott Stripling announced that the tablet contained what is probably the most ancient Hebrew inscription ever found in the Land of Israel.
761	Archaeologists believe the largest figure dates back to 1078, based on the inscriptions on two carved stone tablets flanking the Buddha figures.
762	Archaeologists discovered a financial inscription on a broken fragment of a limestone tablet.
763	Archaeologists unearthed more than 1,000 tablets inscribed with Buddhist scriptures and over 500 pieces of stone sculpture as well as glazed tiles with inscriptions.
764	Archeologist Professore Anzio de Castamilliana y Fonsata, when excavating in the Central American region of San Ramador, recently found a Mayan tablet with inscriptions.
765	Are our interactive government apps and Web platforms ready to seek feedback from those who cannot type in an official script but have something to say through audio or visual notes?
766	Are the actions behind the scenes in line with the official script?
767	Around the lofty room that serves as his campaign headquarters in Edinburgh, a rallying cry to Scottish noblemen 700 years ago is written in cursive script.
768	Art Nouveau in style, this rework of an original logo is realised in an English, cursive script that twists and turns freely.
769	Article content Lee’s expert tip is to use the flat side of the product’s brush tip head to smooth the brows flat in n upward direction so that the hairs stick to skin, providing that laminated look.
770	Article content The font, which has also been called the “wonton” font, emulates the brush strokes of Chinese calligraphy, was commonly used by restaurants in the past.
771	Artifacts discovered at the site include carved cylinder seals, jewelry, clay balls, and clay tablets with cuneiform inscriptions recording business transactions, political history, and mathematical calculations.
772	Artisans were tapping ink onto the ancient stele — massive stone tablets — to make rubbings that would be sold to visitors or possibly contribute to exhibitions like the one in Richmond.
773	Artist Victor Ang, 50, said that the bravery of the NSmen in executing their missions led him to create a Chinese calligraphy using the words, wu wei (fearless).
774	Artist Victoria Li demonstrates Chinese calligraphy during a Lunar New Year celebration at The District at Tustin Legacy.
775	Artists Tina Ramos Ekongo and Jasyon Gylen will also be in The Lion’s Den making rabbit themed crafts, while you can also decorate a cake with Chinese calligraphy with Sarah from Cook Stars.
776	Artists embellish colorful fans with Chinese calligraphy on Saturday, Jan.
777	Artworks once attributed to 17th-century masters like Bada Shanren and Shitao have since been revealed to be his handiwork.
778	Arun, 34, of Karamana in Thiruvananthapuram, an office assistant with the Land Revenue Commissionerate, allegedly took the forged documents inside the Land Revenue Commissionerate and stamped the fake order with the official seal of Land Revenue Commissioner and the name seal of a senior superintendent without their knowledge.
779	As 2018 dawns, Python 3 is holding its place as one of the most popular and widely used programming languages, with Microsoft now considering adding Python as an official scripting language to Excel.
780	As Bauer-Maison continues to explore the natural world around him with a Chinese calligraphy brush and a distinctly French eye, his art will continue to attract his contemporaries and build him a legacy.
781	As China's largest production base for the paper, Dingjiaqiao produces over 1,000 types of Xuan paper products, bringing in an annual sales revenue of over 1.5 billion yuan.
782	As Fore explains, when the air inside a cooler with a great seal cools down, it creates a partial vacuum.
783	As Greenwood explained, Western script is rooted in accounting, but seal script came about first through divination.
784	As I don't manage how has been coding many of running script, I decrease all the timeout MySQL connection for avoid congestion.
785	As India sailed toward the goal, Rohit utilised his pull and hook strokes to terrific success against the short balls from the England pacers.
786	As People reports, those titles only became official earlier this month, when the Letters Patent passed the Great Seal of the Realm on Feb.
787	As Reed crossed the stage to deliver his speech, he stood behind a podium marked by the great seal of the city — a circle encompassing a star with the words “Cradle of the Confederacy” emblazoned at its center.
788	As Taylor is walking down the hallway, the year of the snake is written in Chinese calligraphy on a sign behind her.
789	As Wang Xizhi is to Chinese calligraphy as Michelangelo is to sculpture or Shakespeare to literature, Wang Xianzhi inherited his father’s talent for art and calligraphy.
790	As a Malay Singaporean calligraphy artist, Malik pushes the boundaries of Chinese calligraphy through technology.
791	As a Shiny, Runerigus follows the same color scheme as the clay tablet held by its pre-evolution, predominantly white with purple inscriptions.
792	As a bonus they’re nondestructive, so you can show or hide any part of a layer simply by swapping a black brush tip with a white one.
793	As a century-old shop operating the Four Treasures of the Study, calligraphy, painting and seal cutting, Rongbaozhai has formed a deep “love relationship with calligraphy and ink” with many calligraphers and painters, and thus gained the nickname of “Home of Calligraphers and Painters”.
794	As a child, Kamijo’s parents forced him to take Japanese and Chinese calligraphy lessons.
795	As a major personality of the Song Dynasty (AD 960-1279), Su Shi (1037-1101), a poet, calligrapher, painter, politician and gastronome, was a versatile sensation and considered one of the most significant figures in the profound history of classical Chinese literature.
796	As a means to educate the rest of the world on the beauty that is calligraphy, Nadja Van Ghelue has launched TheArtofCalligraphy.com, a website devoted to the discipline and beauty of calligraphy, featuring a studio of prime art examples, supplies needed, including what ink stick should be used, books to assist and a complete guide to the art form.
797	As a regular in south Minneapolis, Warner identified the penmanship -- and the author's voice -- of a local street artist who goes by the name "Sluto." When not painting that name on walls and trains, Sluto scrawls knowing, irreverent snippets of dialogue in white cursive script.
798	As a result, his painting was greatly influenced by masters such as Xu Wei (1521-1593), Bada Shanren (1926-1705) and Wu Changshuo (1844-1927).
799	As a result, patients, payors and self-funded employers will have broader access to top-rated regional healthcare providers and leading value-based specialty programs.”Great Seal Medical Group was founded by a group of independent physicians focused on creating access, ensuring safety and maximizing the patient experience for the highest quality outcomes.
800	As a result, the Coupe Sport Lightweight now looks quite a bit like the M2 - brush tip to J.B.Cars for this work.Sure, since we're talking about a model with a production run of just 1,383 units, it would be sacrilegious for anybody to transform an actual CSL in such fashion.
801	As a right-hander, it feels something like attempting to write in neat cursive script with my left.
802	As a unique art-form with high artistic value, Chinese calligraphy was an essential criterion for judging a person's educational level in ancient times and popular among the upper class and intellectuals of the time.
803	As an alternative to carburetors, which suck in an air-fuel mixture utilizing the vacuum created by the piston's downward stroke, gasoline fuel injectors are currently used.
804	As an official partner, The Raindance organization has named Celtx as the official scriptwriting software of Raindance, and the Raindance Film School.
805	As dark fell, Huff eventually had to leave the small seal and asked staff at the Coal Harbour Marina to keep watch over the seal during the night.
806	As demands to make Devnagri official script for Hindi grew, the British administration in 1900 ordered the optional use of the script in courts.
807	As does the Great Seal star pointing to the word ‘mason’, it must be pointed out (if you are slow to keep up).
808	As early as 1917, women detailing watch dials with the luminous paint suffered from anemia, bone fractures, and necrosis of the jaw, a result of them using their pursed lips to shape the contaminated brush tips into a fine point.
809	As early as two years ago, the Four Treasures of the Study unexpectedly became popular.
810	As he left his palace, he ordered that the writs calling for a new parliament be burned, and as his little skiff bobbed down the Thames in the darkness, he is said to have thrown the Great Seal of the Realm overboard, as if hoping to destroy the very basis of English government.
811	As he points out The nation, were found to possess 150 grams of ketamine and 20 ecstasy tablets, all personalized with the inscription The House of Paper and with the Dali mask worn by robbers at the center of the series.
812	As he tells Indy, the Grail cannot be taken beyond the bounds of the “great seal,” and — as it presumably needs to be drunk from continually in order to work — once one stops partaking of it, the power of immortality is lost.
813	As he was being rowed across the Thames from Whitehall Palace to Vauxhall en route for the Kentish coast, he dropped the Great Seal, which he had retrieved from Lord Chancellor Jeffreys two days earlier, into the river.
814	As his diving-helmet-shaped Vostok 1 capsule launched off the ground, Gagarin famously ditched his formal script and shouted “Poyekhali!
815	As illiterates, they were curious about occasional clay tablets they plowed up in their fields with incomprehensible ancient Linear B inscriptions.
816	As illiterates, they were curious about occasional clay tablets they plowed up in their fields with incomprehensible ancient Linear B inscriptions.Californians tried to build a high-speed rail line.
817	As illiterates, they were curious about occasional clay tablets they plowed up in their fields with incomprehensible ancient inscriptions.
818	As keeper of the "Great Seal" of the state of Louisiana, the secretary of state is responsible for making state records official -- including laws, proclamations and other documents.
819	As long as the kids wear masks, they may be OK in those small sealed classrooms, but there are two areas of concern.
820	As long as we honored the memories of those whose blood forged the Great Seal, our tiny planet flourished, safe from the whims of the gods and monsters who rule the outer darkness.
821	As many have pointed out online, the cards — particularly the golden eagle option — have an undeniable air of fascistic triumphalism to them, which, okay, true, although have you seen the Great Seal of the United States lately?
822	As most CIA directors have, they checked their policy predispositions at the great seal and adopted a “just the facts” demeanor — both in public and behind closed doors.
823	As much as the western world viewed theatre from the point of acts on a proscenium arch stage and formal scripts in which form was introduced and became a standard, Ugandan theatre existed in form of festivals and traditional ceremonies (epic theatre).
824	As of 2022, the show is the seventh longest running scripted US prime time TV series, and the third longest running non-animated US prime time TV series.
825	As of September 2022, The Simpsons, entered season 34, and is ranked one of the longest running scripted shows in America, overtaking classics like Gunsmoke (which ran for 20 years), as well as Scooby-Doo (which ran for 371 episodes, through multiple iterations).
826	As of today, Springfield acolytes have access to nearly 300 hours of the longest running scripted primetime sitcom in television history.
827	As one of the few American coin series not to feature a bust on the obverse, Longacre decided to use his own interpretation of the Great Seal of the United States as the main device.
828	As other students sit in the student center to complete their homework on their laptops, students in this course can take out their ink and brushes to do their homework: Chinese calligraphy.
829	As part of the Texas Essential Knowledge and Skills test, third-graders are required to be able to "write legibly in cursive script with spacing between words in a sentence." By fourth grade, students can choose to "write legibly by selecting cursive script or manuscript printing as appropriate," according to the standards.
830	As part of the Texas Essential Knowledge and Skills test, third-graders are required to be able to “write legibly in cursive script with spacing between words in a sentence.” By fourth grade, students can choose to “write legibly by selecting cursive script or manuscript printing as appropriate,” according to the standards.
831	As proof of this conspiracy, Erbakan cites the great seal of the United States on the one-dollar bill: “Annuit coeptis” really declares the victory of the Zionist project, and “novus ordo seclorum” announces the Zionist world order.
832	As recently as last week, CBS’ Showtime websites were found to have been running scripts that took over users’ processing power to mine cryptocurrency.
833	As regards the dissemination of the epics to Southeast Asian countries, Chinese sources often refer to a 6th century AD stone tablet found in Cambodia that mentions of the Mahabharata.
834	As scholars continue to puzzle over this most unusual royal inscription, the wish expressed in its final lines has been fulfilled: "I wrote my service down on my tablet.
835	As she did for the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, the Queen will have signed an Instrument of Consent, issued under the Great Seal of the Realm.
836	As she drew up the vaccine from a vial, I caught a flash of looping, cursive script down her forearm.
837	As she visited medical facilities, pharmacies and supermarkets, Sun parroted lines from the official script concerning the sagacious response of Party Central to what everyone could see in real time amounted to a monumental public health failure.
838	As spotted by Engadget, the lawsuit (PDF) alleges that steel brushes inside the Joy-Con "rub away the soft carbon material that makes up the pad," creating debris that accumulates on the brush tips.
839	As such she said parents of SJKC and SJKT pupils need not fear as this has nothing to do with Islamic learning because khat is an art and very much like Chinese calligraphy.
840	As such, items such as ink slabs and paper are prized souvenirs for tourists who visit Anhui.
841	As such, one of these copies, made by Mi Fu, one of the most acclaimed calligraphers of the Northern Song era (960-1127), is a must-see at the exhibition.
842	As such, they are either frequented by those who wish to taste the various types of teas that are part of Huizhou cuisine or those wishing to buy the ‘Four Treasures of Chinese Study’ — writing brush, ink stick, ink slab and art paper.
843	As the 6th annual event, the festival held in Flushing, the city's Queens Borough, featured interactive programs on Chinese calligraphy, paper cutting, paper folding, Chinese zodiac, traditional riddles, sugar painting, traditional Chinese painting, dough art and others as well as an hours-long cultural performance.
844	As the 6th annual event, the festival held in Flushing, the city’s Queens Borough, Featured interactive programs are Chinese calligraphy, paper cutting, paper folding, Chinese zodiac, traditional riddles, sugar painting, traditional Chinese painting, dough art and others as well as an hours-long cultural performance.
845	As the Academy Award launches a formal review over the matter, a new report suggests that Chris Rock's joke was not in the official script.
846	As the British Letters Patent was issued during Queen Victoria’s reign, they would have been endorsed by her personal Great Seal.
847	As the Chinese characters on the strips are in the official script style of the Han Dynasty, and expressions like “bow again” and “kowtow” are courteous, scholars wondered who the writer was.
848	As the Covid-19 pandemic rages in the country, many badly affected Malaysians have resorted to flying white flags to signal their need for food and a bit of cash to survive.
849	As the SDF push forward, carts emerge, piled high with people and belongings, flying white flags.
850	As the demands of governance increased, her script sped up, and as a result some letters such as 'm' and 'n' became almost horizontal strokes, while others, including her 'e' and 'd', broke apart.
851	As the demands of governance increased, her script sped up, and as a result some letters such as ‘m’ and ‘n’ became almost horizontal strokes, while others, including her ‘e’ and ‘d’, broke apart.
852	As the demands of governance increased, her script sped up, and as a result, some letters such as ‘m’ and ‘n’ became almost horizontal strokes, while others, including her ‘e’ and ‘d,’ broke apart.
853	As the docents swung open the gallery’s entrance, they revealed the very first piece in the exhibition: a pair of wooden doors daubed with misshapen, messy Chinese calligraphy in black ink.
854	As the event launched its official style guide yesterday, in association with Swiss watch brand Longines, glamorous racegoers posed for photos from their homes.
855	As the floater moves up and down, it drives a hydraulic motor, which converts the linear motion into rotation, and a regular electrical generator draws power from both the upward and downward strokes.
856	As the longest running scripted series in TV history, there’s a reason so many people love The Simpsons.
857	As the official script recommended by the React team, Create React App (CRA) is your safest bet when it comes to bootstrapping your React applications.
858	As the official script reveals — which is now available to buy from Insight Editions — the GCPD were trying to solve the riddle too.
859	As the official scriptwriting software for all Raindance Film School campuses, all Raindance Film School students will receive Celtx's multi-format script editors and easy-to-use script writing software to support their learning and growth.
860	As the official scriptwriting software for all Raindance Film School campuses, all Raindance Film School students will receive Celtx’s multi-format script editors and easy-to-use script writing software to support their learning and growth.
861	As the official style hype man of the UFC, it comes as no surprise that Benavidez wants in on the next round of outfitting discussions between the company and its apparel sponsor, Reebok.
862	As the phrase “E pluribus unum” (out of many, one) on the Great Seal of the U.S. reminds us, we are one nation of many people.
863	As the pyramid on the reverse Great Seal of the United States dramatically illustrates, perfection will never be achieved, but each succeeding generation of Americans should strive to bring us closer to that goal.
864	As the title suggests, this exhibition offers a rare glimpse into Henri Matisse’s studio, showcasing the vast array of found objects - including Buddhist statuary from Thailand, Chinese calligraphy and textiles from north Africa – that would go on to inspire his paintings, sculptures and drawings.
865	As we noted in our breakdown of the finale’s major revelations, the door’s inscription is connected to Noah’s back tattoo (which is of The Emerald Tablet -where the phrase “sic mundus creatus est”/”and thus the world was created” originates).
866	As well as being sealed with the Great Seal of the Realm, the Instrument of Consent is illustrated with a design specifically meant to honor Markle and Prince Harry.
867	As well as playing a major role in organising the event, Chinese food stall Dumpling and Bun, in Alley 2, hosted traditional crafts from the morning and inviting passers-by to try their hand at Chinese calligraphy.
868	As well as the aforementioned famous handbags, you’ll be able to see historical styles up close, including include a large embroidered burse used to protect the silver matrix of Elizabeth I’s Great Seal of England, a gas mask bag owned by HRH Queen Mary during the Second World War and Winston Churchill’s red despatch box.
869	As with an official passport, her work’s cover is emblazoned with the Great Seal of the United States.
870	As you look at the back of a one-dollar bill, you will see The Great Seal of the United States.
871	As you’d expect, the brush tips are different from each other.
872	As “The Expendables” actor sat down, his pant legs rode up, revealing a pair of black cowboy boots emblazoned with the Great Seal of the United States featuring a shield and bald eagle clutching 13 arrows in its left talon, an olive branch in its right and a scroll reading “E pluribus unum” in its beak.
873	Asia Society Texas Center's free celebration will have lion dancing, as well as ticketed performances by Huaxing Arts Group, food vendors on site and a variety of art and craft activities including Chinese calligraphy and papercutting, tiger hat crafts, zodiac games, and a photo booth with costumed Peking Opera performers.
874	Asiah Abdullah from Lorong Wawasan here said she participated in order to learn how to write Chinese calligraphy, which she admitted was no walk in the park.
875	Aside from Ming Yan Lau, nine other housing estates were issued compulsory testing orders, including Block 6 of Richland Gardens in Kowloon Bay, Fu Shan Estate in Diamond Hill and Lotus Tower in Kwun Tong Garden Estate.
876	Aside from some unexpected mythical pink chaos, this logo manages to glitz up the backdrop with a cursive script family font and a slightly tilted wordmark.
877	Aside from the cool-looking bottle, the brush tip is rounded, rather than squared, so it leaves a crisp, clean line along your cuticles (which is pretty much genius, as far as I’m concerned) and covers your nail in really opaque, smooth polish in just two strokes.
878	Aside from the fact that it became America's longest running scripted TV series last month, having clocked 636 episodes.
879	Asked about identity of the inscription tablet, the archeologist said it dates back to 1680s.
880	Asked about proposed revisions to the constitution, particularly the Communist Party’s plan to remove the presidential term limit, trade tensions with the United States and the Korean peninsula situation, the 64-year-old kept to the official script.
881	Asked why he decided have Chinese characters play such a key role in the new work, given that he had explored Chinese calligraphy in his Cursive trilogy, he said it was because “words communicate … but they become blurred with the passage of time.
882	At 11 seasons (spanning 20 years) and 110 episodes so far, the show is HBO’s longest running scripted (or outlined and improvised, in this case) series.
883	At Disney California Adventure, guests can also make their own paper lanterns, add a message to the Lucky Wishing Wall and, on Mondays and Tuesdays, receive custom Chinese calligraphy from on-site artisans.
884	At Great Seal State Park near Chillicothe, the inspiration for Ohio’s State Seal, the book chosen was “The First Strawberries,” by Joseph Bruchac.
885	At Hata Bunshindou each brush tip is made by a single artisan.
886	At Holy Land, Greco prompted visitors to contemplate the charity and grace of Christ with inscriptions on tablets of concrete scattered around the site, emphasizing the equality of all humans: “We Are the Body of Christ.
887	At Knossos, Evans found hundreds of clay tablets that bore two different types of mysterious inscription which he dubbed Linear A and Linear B.
888	At Nishan Akademeia in Qufu, journalists tried on Hanfu, the traditional Chinese clothing of the Han people, and were guided by an instructor in transcribing some excerpts from Analects of Confucius in Chinese calligraphy.
889	At Westminster on February 25, 1571, Elizabeth I affixed her Great Seal to an unusually elegant and richly decorated patent.
890	At a Privy Council meeting on Wednesday, the monarch made the declaration and will have signed a Great Seal of the Realm.
891	At a fair on the steep slopes of the city's Sai Ying Pun district, hundreds of shoppers formed long queues.One stall was giving away cloth bags with Chinese calligraphy ambigrams that use the characters for both "Hong Kong" and "add oil", a popular phrase of encouragement.
892	At a particular point in the day, the sun shines through each of the pillars and illuminates the Great Seal of the United States installed on the ground.
893	At a time when you won't be going out, apply the oil in downward strokes to hair length and let it sit overnight.
894	At a workshop for Xuan paper, which is an ideal type of high-quality handmade material used for Chinese calligraphy and painting, several dozens of workers gathered around a gigantic tank used for molding during the production process for the large strips of paper, in Jingxian county in east China's Anhui province, the very place where Xuan paper was invented, on Sept.
895	At another retailer, a blazer like this would cost far more — which is what makes it an official style steal.
896	At back of the tablet, inscriptions indicate how to free the ghost.
897	At first glance, it appears obvious that the Confederate States of America would seize upon the figure of Washington as a patriotic symbol, putting him on its great seal and holding him up as an icon of secession.
898	At first glance, it appears to be a wax Great Seal of Upper Canada (c.
899	At first glance, the purple and pink couch appears innocent enough, decorated with musical notes and Emma Watkins' name in cursive script.
900	At first sight, the random brushwork in its chaotic manner resembles an abstract painting, yet at the same time also reminds viewers of traces of Chinese calligraphy.
901	At first, you’re supposed to grip the sword lightly and keep your arm relaxed, which allows for faster acceleration on the downward stroke.
902	At its entrance, a Chinese peony pattern is decorated on a background wall, in memory of ancient Ming Dynasty (1368-1644) calligrapher and Maqiao native Dong Qichang (1555-1636).
903	At just six years old, Prince George has already had quite the style evolution: he went goth for his uncle's wedding last year, and has been named an official style icon in the U.K. This nautical moment could only be outdone by a full yeehaw ensemble, complete with cowboy hat and boots, but we'll probably have to wait until he makes his first visit to America for that to happen.
904	At one point in the video, the 4 women demonstrate their impressive Chinese calligraphy skills by writing well wishes on couplets – in Mandarin Chinese, no less!
905	At one table, students observed a display of Chinese calligraphy and asked organizers questions about the pieces.
906	At present, Devanagari or Nagari is considered the official script for Konkani in Goa, invalidating any other script, including Roman.
907	At present, Wang Cong is creating the short play “Four Treasures of the Study”, which he directed and starred in.
908	At press time, Louboutin wasn’t able to give us a price for the unicorn/fish skin glitter boots, or even an official style name – those will be available mid-May, we’re told.
909	At that time, the sun illuminates the “Great Seal of the United States” by shining through ellipses carved into the five pillars that make up the Anthem Veterans Memorial.
910	At the Indian King Tavern, where the great seal of the state was adopted.
911	At the Simply Shopping Fest, events such as the Hong Kong Tasting Trendies Sake Awards 2022, Cooking with Chef Kitty, Oppa’s Cuisine – Food and Wine Pairing, Chinese calligraphy appreciation, Chinese medicine and ketogenic diet sharing sessions were popular among visitors.
912	At the South Street Seaport Museum on Saturday, January 21st, a lion dance and a Chinese calligraphy workshop.
913	At the Stokes Nature Center on Saturday, learn about Chinese culture in Utah, Chinese calligraphy and dragon dancing!
914	At the age of 40, Zhang started focusing on making pyrographs on Xuan paper, a delicate, long-lasting type of paper traditionally used for Chinese calligraphy and painting.
915	At the beginning, he mimicked the regular and semi-cursive script styles of master Yan Zhenqing (AD 709-784) and then developed his own writing style.
916	At the bottom of the entire consent are olive branches, which are featured in the Great Seal of the United States.
917	At the bottom of the product is a black button used to push the gel out through the brush tip.
918	At the children’s pavilion, volunteers will teach people of all ages how to do Chinese calligraphy and write one’s name in Chinese characters.
919	At the close of World War II, Soviet children presented the US Ambassador with a large, hand-carved wooden Great Seal of the United States.
920	At the end of the day students learnt how to write in traditional Chinese calligraphy and they also gained an insight into visiting a large local university.
921	At the event, Chinese Muslims brought Chinese calligraphy, kung fu and Chinese food to share with the attendees.
922	At the head of the table sits a man with an arm tattoo reading "never give up" in cursive script.
923	At the head of the table sits a man with an arm tattoo reading “never give up” in cursive script.
924	At the same community center in Guiyang, I tried my hand at Chinese calligraphy, with the help of a very patient volunteer instructor!
925	At the same time, he observed his father’s enjoyment and freedom every time he practised cursive script calligraphy.
926	At the same time, our team of designers were researching in-depth into the different inks, brushes, and strokes used in the practice of Chinese calligraphy to come up with ways of marrying Ms. Tong's script with our design concept.
927	At the same time, she is also committed to promoting traditional Chinese culture by integrating martial arts performances with traditional Chinese calligraphy, painting, and other intangible cultural heritage items.
928	At the time of her passing, Nike created six official styles for West and his close friends and family.
929	At the top is the flag of California and the United States Great Seal.
930	At this funeral, you did see a lot of the traditional Chinese calligraphy over the casket around where Officer Liu was laying.
931	At this modern Chinese banquet hall (think maple paneling, framed Chinese calligraphy andlacquered high-back chairs), seafood from both coasts is kept live in tanks until cooked.
932	At this point, I think is safe to presume that few people are watching what is now, by far, the longest running scripted series in the history of television.
933	At this point, upstart starts running scripts and upstart events to start other services and eventually bring you to the logon screen.
934	At times, this allowed depiction of plots and adventures much freer than was possible in the official style of Socialist Realism, where any future was constrained by Marxist theory: a story could assume “socialism in space” without having to specify how that happened.
935	Atkins designed for Surry County’s seal a gold backdrop with “The Great Seal of Surry County” around its circumference.
936	Attackers using MFA Fatigue have been running scripts attempting to repeatedly infiltrate accounts using stolen credentials as they seek to inflict MFA prompt fatigue among their targets.
937	Attempts to discover knowledge stored in inscriptions, stone carvings, plaques, stamps, seals, charters, tablets and manuscripts including palm leaf manuscripts in different parts of the country have thrown light on the contribution made by Indian scientists, astronomers, physicians, poets and playwrights, he said while delivering the SOA Fortnightly Academic Lecture on Saturday.
938	Attempts to discover knowledge stored in inscriptions, stone carvings, plaques, stamps, seals, charters, tablets and manuscripts including palm leaf manuscripts in different parts of the country have thrown light on the contribution made by Indian scientists, astronomers, physicians, poets and playwrights, the professor said.
939	Attendees can enjoy Chinese calligraphy activities along with the awe and magic of a traditional Lion Dance and lively martial arts demonstration featuring members of the Au’s Shaolin Arts Society at the center’s main stage.
940	Attendees could also try their hand at Chinese calligraphy and test their skills with chopsticks to win a prize.
941	Attendees participating in the launch were able to view a screening of Nanchang city's short promotional film, as well as a sample of some of Nanchang's local cuisine, try their hand at Chinese calligraphy and take part in other engaging activities.
942	August 1 is the first day current high school seniors can officially receive scholarship offers from schools, and the Pirates did not disappoint, sending letters on a pirate scroll with a wax seal and cursive script, signed at the bottom by Coach Scottie Montgomery.
943	Augustine City Council voted to follow the example of other Spanish towns, removed the tablets of the Constitution, and replaced them with the inscription of "Fernando the Seventh" (the name of the king).
944	Augustine, the great seal of the United States and the royal arms of Spain.
945	Aurangabad, Jul 15 (PTI) Amid the COVID-19 outbreak, several professionals from diverse fields in Maharashrta's Aurangabad have come together to learn Modi, a cursive script formerly used for writing Marathi.
946	Automate IT tasks and quickly implement IT policies, like rolling out software, updating security settings, running scripts, managing groups of users, and distributing and updating software.
947	Averell Harriman a carved wooden great seal of the United States of America as a gesture of friendship.
948	Averell Harriman, the United States Ambassador to the Soviet Union, famously received a carved wooden plaque of the Great Seal of the United States as a gift from the “Young Pioneer organization of the Soviet Union.” Years later, in 1952, U.S. and British officials discovered a listening device contained inside the seal.
949	Avoid Times New Roman or other cursive scripts.
950	Avoid any lip seal style as the lip drags on the shaft surface, which causes heat and shaft wear.
951	Awards Turfe received throughout the years included The Great Seal of the State of Michigan for his contributions in metro Detroit and Outstanding Community Leadership from the Arab Community Center for Economic and Social Services.
952	Azizah said many customers are surprised to know that a Malay woman is interested in learning Chinese calligraphy.
953	Azizah said many customers are surprised to learn that a Malay woman would be interested in learning Chinese calligraphy.
954	BA woman writes Chinese calligraphy during "Exploring Yummy Chongqing in London" event in London, Britain, Feb.
955	BAFTA official style partners Asprey, Charles Worthington, Escada and Lancome are putting together an exclusive tea party and fashion show so you can get the red carpet experience while sipping Tattinger champagne and grazing on the Dorchester's delicious afternoon tea menu.
956	BEIJING, May 18 (Xinhua) -- A rare stele showcasing the work of famous Chinese calligrapher Wang Xizhi is on display at Beijing Fuxue Stone Carving Museum.
957	BEIJING: China unveiled emblems for the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics and Paralympics inspired by Chinese calligraphy on Friday (Dec 15), in a star-studded ceremony featuring songs from actor Jackie Chan and pianist Lang Lang.
958	BOPE structures present advantages over BOPP, including greater seal strength, improved packaging seal integrity and better puncture resistance.
959	BRYA INGRAM/STUFF Reporter Helen Nickisson finds Chinese calligraphy isn’t as simple as it looks.
960	Back in the early 1950’s he was the Ganado High School student who designed the Great Seal of the Navajo Nation.
961	Back on the heels, the pull-tab is embellished with a rose on the left and Aunt Pearl writing in a cursive script on the right foot.
962	Backed by a minimal light show and the band’s customary cursive script font on a large Irish flag behind them, Band of Horses bypassed flashy stage tricks in favor of a simple setup that placed the focus squarely on the music.
963	Bags: Inside Out includes Thatcher’s Nuovo Bidente bag among 300 objects from the 16th century to today that range from ornate chatelaines and the embroidered burse that protected Elizabeth I’s Great Seal of England to military rucksacks and Winston Churchill’s red despatch box.
964	Bahata Mukhopadhyay's research also points to a number of features of Indus script samples like seals and tablets, such as the uniform positions of inscriptions and accompanying icons, to argue that these artefacts are not unlike modern coins or stamps.
965	Bald eagles have not changed since the adoption of the Great Seal—they have shown us that we can change.
966	Ball’s famous cursive script can be seen on products from the Colorado-based company, which has roots to the 19th century.
967	Barely there patches of pink contrast with two prominent darker shapes displaying obvious vertical strokes.
968	Barry’s squad was the lone entry that was running scripted plays after a focused morning practice that stood in stark contrast to the other teams that basically got up some shots and called it a morning.
969	Bars of soap in their own plastic bags or waterproof containers, moist towelettes, antiseptic spray, hydrogen peroxide, rubbing alcohol, iodine, thermometer, petroleum jelly to relieve itching, aspirin, acetaminophen and antacid tablets, ointments for babies' teething.
970	Baseball was his real focus, though, and his teams also had the best uniforms, with “Chorizeros” sewn in large cursive script across the front.
971	Based on Technology, the market was studied across Flow Battery, Lead-acid Battery, Lithium-ion Battery, Nickel-ion Battery, Nickel-metal Hybrid Battery, Small Sealed Lead-acid Battery, Sodium-sulfur Battery, and Zinc-manganese dioxide Battery.
972	Based on checks done by Kaieteur News, it was found that pharmacies are running out of basic supplies such as Vitamin C tablets and sanitary products such as rubbing alcohol, spirits, sanitizers, disinfecting agents among other supplies.
973	Based on her experiences attending Chinese school as a child in Hawaii and her later travels to China, this hands-on workshop will explore the traditions of the New Year celebration with Chinese calligraphy, good luck banners and colorful dragons.
974	Bates Motel, the network’s longest running scripted drama series, remains a heavy hitter for A&E.
975	Be on the lookout for a 21-sided pillar tomb topped by a 15th-century celadon bowl, five town gates, ‘Lamu’ arches constructed of sandstone bedrock, coral ragstone and sand gathered from the nearby dunes, and tablets marked with Arabic inscriptions.
976	Bear River Martial Arts, which teaches Korean martial art Tang Soo Do, will host grandmaster Marc DiScipio on Saturday, July 9, for a day of martial arts, Chinese calligraphy lessons and tests.
977	Bear-McClard wore a muddled light purple incarnation with a cartoon frog that read in cheerful cursive script “the problem is we think we have time.” Ratajkowski, meanwhile, wore a tie-dye T-shirt version that was cropped, along with a blue puffer coat, faded jeans, and white stiletto boots.
978	Beautiful exhibits include one of the country’s finest Asian art collections, featuring everything from Japanese woodblock prints by Hiroshige and Ming dynasty–era Chinese calligraphy and painted scrolls to temple carvings and statues from Cambodia and India.
979	Because of frequent changes of official script, different generations of Uighurs and other Turkic students were exposed to different written forms of their language.
980	Because of the storm, the Town is waiving brush tipping fees at the Rosewarne Transfer Station to help with clean-up efforts.
981	Because the script's vertical strokes were very short but the horizontal strokes elongated, it was written on papers in a landscape format.
982	Because the show is based off of an oral folktale passed on through generations, there was no official script to follow, so the script for this particular performance was written by BUJA members.
983	Because these two pictures have the inscriptions and postscripts of Wen Zhengming, Shen Zhou, Feng Mengzhen and Dong Qichang respectively, whether they are the original copies of “Jiangshan Xueji Tu” that was widely rumored at that time is controversial in the academic circle.
984	Beer snobs will be quick to point out that there’s really no such official style as a session IPA, because it could technically be categorized as a hopped-up pale ale with an ABV under 5 percent.
985	Before Confederation, Britain's royal arms had served Canada, and in 1868, Queen Victoria approved a Canadian great seal incorporating arms of the first four provinces.
986	Before designing the blueprint, every business group can go through the Global Four Treasures of the Study Market report to understand the key business areas.
987	Before shooting Jiaxiang, Shen Yongpeng studied the incense recipes left by Huang Tingjian.
988	Before you know it, you'll be running scripts in your sleep (literally).
989	Beginning with Chinese calligraphy Apple encouraged each participant to choose a word that held significance and demonstrated how each one should be written.
990	Behind him, the Great Seal of the United States is set against a background of waving red, white and blue stripes.
991	Behind the inscription, the tablet reveals two numbers in a big font, written as 25:29.
992	Bei Dao was born in 1949, the year of the foundation of the People’s Republic, rubbing shoulders at school with the children of the country’s political elites.
993	Beijing 2022 sends New Year greetings to global sports fans with 30 sport pictograms for the Olympic and Paralympic Games, which are inspired by Chinese calligraphy and seal carving.
994	Beijing, Dec 31 : The Beijing 2022 organising committee BOCOG on Thursday released on a New Year’s Eve gala 30 pictograms for the Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games, which are inspired by Chinese calligraphy and seal carving.
995	Being a reality show, it didn’t have a formal script like movie script.
996	Being chosen as the official style of the London Board Schools in the wake of the 1870 Education Act gave Queen Anne immediate credibility for an establishment wishing to shake off the Anglican, public-school associations of High Victorian Gothic.
997	Belarusians chanting "happy birthday, you rat" and flying white-and-red opposition flags gathered near President Alexander Lukashenko's residence on Sunday (local time) to keep up pressure on the veteran leader.
998	Belonging to the National Museum of Afghanistan, the historic piece is a marble tablet dating back to the 12th century, displaying floral kufic inscriptions and cultural patterns.
999	Belousov said he was told by Malkov not to depart from the official script — for this film and other pro-Kremlin films.
1000	Below the Welsh leek & Prince Harry's Label are olive branches, adopted from the Great Seal of the United States.
1001	Below, you can see an image from the book, as well as read an excerpt detailing the reasoning behind the UFO plot point — and, even better, the official script page that brought it to life.
1002	Ben lets me finish with the last horizontal strokes.
1003	Benches will soon be added so people can stop and honor the lives that were lost.The memorial also serves to honors all Ohioans, including frontline workers, who "made personal sacrifices to protect others amid the coronavirus pandemic," according to the Ohio DNR.The ODR said DeWine chose Great Seal State Park as the location for the memorial grove because of its rich history.
1004	Beneath Prince Harry's Label on the right are olive branches, adopted from the Great Seal of the United States.
1005	Beneath his aggressive business style, he is well-versed in Chinese literature and is good at Chinese calligraphy.
1006	Beneath the Label are olive branches, adopted from the Great Seal of the United States.
1007	Beneath the label are olive branches, adopted from the Great Seal of the United States.
1008	Benjamin Franklin wanted the Great Seal of the United States to depict the Red Sea closing on Pharaoh and his chariots.
1009	Benjamin Franklin wanted the turkey displayed on the Great Seal and as a national symbol.
1010	Benjamin Pohl, of the University of Bristol, noticed that the document not only bore the Great Seal of King John, but was dated March 26, 1200, making it one of fewer than a dozen documents to survive from John’s first year.
1011	Bennett presented to Charles Gates a plaque with the Great Seal of Kansas affixed, and presented Hoefs with a Kansas flag.
1012	Besides being celebrated for being on the Great Seal and for being the country's symbol and national bird, the eagle is celebrated today for its recovery after almost becoming extinct, for the values and ideals it has come to represent, and for its importance to American folklore and society.
1013	Besides holding down a part-time job at his school library, which gives international students 20 hours of on-campus employment a week, he is a New York street vendor, selling his Chinese calligraphy to tourists, businesspeople and other passers-by.
1014	Besides known popular genres, sales of books on Chinese calligraphy, agriculture and forestry also raised rapidly, said the report, adding that it may represent people's need for learning while at home.
1015	Besides known popular genres, sales of books on Chinese calligraphy, agriculture and forestry also raised rapidly, said the report, adding that it may represent people’s need for learning while at home.
1016	Besides paracetamol, Coltalin cold tablets and rubbing alcohol were among the items in high demand at pharmacies, with a constant stream of shoppers entering chemists to buy disinfecting products.
1017	Besides running scripts, Velociraptor also provides an export command for outputting one or more scripts as a standalone executable for use in environments where Velociraptor is not installed.
1018	Besides this, here’s an additional tip – make gentle downward strokes on the stomach and abdomen right before passing bowel, it can do wonders.
1019	Besides, a lab of Chinese calligraphy and painting materials, a cluster of master offices and a research center of the global art history will be set up on the campus, to unveil the unique style of Chinese art from a great viewpoint of the global history and create the "visual classic Chinese art" for the Chinese people.
1020	Besides, a lab of Chinese calligraphy and painting materials, a cluster of master offices and a research center of the global art history will be set up on the campus, to unveil the unique style of Chinese art from a great viewpoint of the global history and create the “visual classic Chinese art” for the Chinese people.
1021	Best Liquid Eyeliner For Beginners A Nourishing Formula That's Packed With Lash-Boosting Vitamins Ulta Eyeko Black Magic Vegan Liquid Eyeliner Buy From Ulta Beauty This vegan formula with its easy-glide fine brush tip is the perfect choice for beginners.
1022	Best Liquid Eyeliner Maybelline Hyper Easy Liquid Pen Eyeliner Amazon View On Amazon View On Target View On Walmart What We Love: The extremely fine brush tip makes for a precise application.
1023	Best of all, Mass Whole’s branding bore an uncanny resemblance to the great seal of the commonwealth.
1024	Better yet, this marker has a brush tip and a chisel tip, which allows you to adapt to a larger variety of tasks.
1025	Between 5 p.m. and 9 p.m., activities for the whole family will abound, including Chinese calligraphy demonstrated by Reverend Takayuki of Lahaina Shingon Mission and knot tying with expert, Brenda Wong.
1026	Between the flowers is the Welsh leek and again Prince Harry's label, and below that olive branches, which are adopted from the Great Seal of the US.
1027	Beverly Young Nelson acknowledged that she had added annotations to Moore's 1977 inscription and signature in her high school yearbook.
1028	Biblical researchers say they have decoded an ancient Hebrew inscription, known as a “curse tablet” that predates by centuries any known Hebrew inscription from ancient Israel.
1029	Big and bold on its chest, the club's famous symbol is intricately depicted using Chinese calligraphy.
1030	Big data teams were spending significant time and resources moving data and running scripts manually to aggregate, normalize, and process this data.
1031	Biyani’s cabin is spartan: bright colours are absent and the walls are as white as the sightscreen at the Indian Premier League (IPL), which has Fashion Big Bazaar (FBB), the group’s apparel chain, as the official style sponsor.Biyani, in white shirt and blue trousers, is glued to his armoury of iPad and iPhone.
1032	Black marker in hand, he makes a downward stroke on a whiteboard to create a leg of the letter "M." To that he draws a "V"-shape, which he connects to another leg.
1033	Black was then one of the readily available pigments, as it was later in the manufacture of inks, where it became particularly refined (using a mixture of pine soot and animal glue) in the production of Chinese calligraphy and landscape painting called Shanshui (mountain water) art.
1034	Blackberrys, as an official style partner, styled the riders with stylish suits and accessories like Helmets, Badges, and supporting merchandise.
1035	Blank tablets aren’t simply tablets lacking inscriptions.
1036	Blend all over using gentle downward strokes in a tapping motion.
1037	Blend into the cheek with horizontal strokes, leaving a slight vertical impression to make the face appear longer.
1038	Blige played in the background of her post as she showed off new ink of "Sharrieff, Omar, Sharrieff" written in cursive script on her forearm.
1039	Blue Heron Bridge at Phil Foster Park is one of the most touted shore dives in the country, beloved for its ease of access, shallow waters (long dive time), and variety of small sealife: Bat fish, frog fish, spotted drums, blennies, nudibranchs, seahorses, arrow crabs, lobsters, and octopuses.
1040	Blue cursive script, among them some recognizable names — Mark Texeira, Roy White, Darryl Strawberry and recent RailRider turned Yankee Frazier — marked the lumber.
1041	Boasting a pocket-friendly silhouette that can be used on-the-go, the best teeth-whitening pens are built with flexible brush tip applicators, which can effortlessly deposit teeth-whitening gel evenly across every tooth and hard-to-reach crevice.
1042	Boasting a soft brush tip that evenly coats every tooth, including hard-to-reach molars and crevices, this top-rated at-home teeth-whitening system makes your teeth four to eight shades whiter without causing sensitivity.
1043	Boeing is proud to build the next generation of Air Force One, providing American presidents with a flying white house at a great value for taxpayers.
1044	Bogdanovich’s article was a necessary rebuttal of Kael’s work, but her sloppy research and plagiarized ideas were properly discredited by historian Robert Carringer in 1978, when he wrote “The Scripts of Citizen Kane.” Carringer analyzed all seven official script drafts, plus supplemental documents, that conclusively demonstrated that Welles had co-written the script with Mankiewicz.
1045	Bonds told Sutcliffe that he used his hands as a hammer, imaging the baseball as a nail, pounding it with a downward stroke to get maximum backspin.
1046	Bontrager uses its proprietary rim strip for tubeless application, which offers a great seal.
1047	Books such as “An Introduction to Japanese Calligraphy” (2016) by Yuuko Suzuki lead learners through the “four treasures of the study” (brush, ink, inkstone and paper).
1048	Boothe made it down to the site, found the bones, and soon identified it as coming from a small seal or sea lion.
1049	Booths at the event will include a Chinese calligraphy and painting demonstration by Suemae Willhite, Bonsai Club of Santa Barbara display, Emmano Accessories by Kanako Fukase, SuKiKu Crafts by Kimi Cohn, Education First School, used book sale by the Presidio Research Center and a kids craft station.
1050	Booths featured arts and crafts, Chinese calligraphy, Chinese paper cutting, puppet shows and more.
1051	Born 1664, the barrister, MP and Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, became Baron Cowper from 1706, was twice Lord Chancellor, and became Earl Cowper in 1718.
1052	Born in 1945, Wang is a veteran calligrapher who understands perfectly the charm of the curves in traditional Chinese calligraphy.
1053	Born in Fujian Province and now based in Beijing, artist, writer, critic and curator Qiu Zhijie explores the universal and primordial question of human existence using traditional Chinese calligraphy, photography and video.
1054	Born in Malaysia to Chinese parents, he trained in traditional Chinese ink painting before coming to Glasgow, where tutors like David Donaldson advised him: “Keep your tradition, but keep expanding on it.” His style draws on elements of Chinese calligraphy, bringing this together with Western abstract expressionist painting.
1055	Born in Shanghai, 3D artist, Qin was vigorously trained in drawing and in writing Chinese calligraphy.
1056	Bosses recently set tongues wagging when they announced they were introducing jumpsuits into the official style guide in the first major change to its famously conservative dress code in almost five decades.
1057	Both Moe and Mirasty signed the Great Seal of the Province of Saskatchewan.
1058	Both Randy Shafter and Tom Stephenson scored in their H2H matches, but two team goals for the squad with no name sealed the victory for the home side.
1059	Both Su Shi and Mi Fu are amongst the four most celebrated calligraphy masters of the Song period.
1060	Both actresses showed off their new tattoos: cursive script on their upper arms that reads “Boop.” Mamet’s caption continued, “I can’t imagine life without you.
1061	Both glide on like butter and give up to 16 hours of wear, but the real star is the tapered brush tip that dispenses an opaque, smudgeproof formula.
1062	Both of these artists have devoted their careers to investigating and expanding the language of ink, in the hope of presenting to audiences that modern Chinese calligraphy is an art form targeted to the world and created for the future.
1063	Both showcase their new matching body art, with LVRD Pharaoh having had "Summer" inked above his right eyebrow, and Summer getting her boyfriend's real name, "Larry", permanently tattooed in cursive script by her left eye.
1064	Both single-use batteries (primary) and Ni-Cd and small sealed lead rechargeable batteries can be recycled as a result of Vermont’s product stewardship laws.
1065	Both symbols were used as part of the Great Seals of King Edward IV and King Richard III, as well as the Duke of York who later became King George VI.
1066	Both the American Institute of Architects and the National Trust for Historic Preservation objected, while Goldberger told the Guardian the problem was “not with classical architecture per se”, but that “the mandating of an official style is not fully compatible with 21st-century liberal democracy”.
1067	Both the Japanese shuttlers have done amazingly well to cut down on Sindhu’s smashes on both the occasions, cornering the Indian whose downward strokes were too predictable for the opponent.
1068	Both the exhibit numbers and art forms are considered unprecedented in Chinese calligraphy exhibition history.
1069	Both were made on an iPhone 7 with no budget and no formal script.
1070	Bottle Bright Tablets make cleaning your water bottle something you’ll actually want to do.—there is no scrubbing required.
1071	Boudinot also had a hand in both the creation of the Great Seal of the United States and advocated for the hiring of Mint Engraver John Reich.
1072	Bowl with decorative inscription in cursive script, China, Hunan Province, Changsha kilns, Tang dynasty, circa 825–50, glazed stoneware with underglaze iron-brown, 2 by 6 inches.
1073	Boxes with MIGAL’s Hebrew logo contain small sealed vials of the fake vaccine and a set of counterfeit instructions for use – also in Hebrew.
1074	Boxes with MIGAL’s Hebrew logo that contain small sealed vials of the fake vaccine and a set of counterfeit instructions for use – also in Hebrew – were discovered, a company release said.
1075	Boxes with the MIGAL’s Hebrew logo that contain small sealed vials of the fake vaccine and a set of counterfeit instructions for use - also in Hebrew - were discovered, a company release said.
1076	Braided in yellow, purple and blue rope, the honor cords feature a medallion displaying the Great Seal of the Chickasaw Nation.
1077	Brand font design, we choose the style of traditional Chinese calligraphy, the technique of cadence, to write with strength and breathing, constitute a brand font, at the same time with a silky smooth rhythm, there are some slightly have ascenders and connectedness between strokes, strengthen the whole font stroke between, let the brand have more association and imagination space.
1078	Brand names were drawn in elegant cursive script and punctuated by stylized accents.
1079	Branded on the bike is also the Great Seal of the State of Nevada, as well as Governor Brian Sandoval's signature.
1080	Brenda Murphy issued and read a formal proclamation under the Great Seal of the Province of New Brunswick on Saturday.
1081	Briefly, the Mixer Brush lets you add multiple colors to a single brush tip and then blend them to whatever colors already exist on your canvas.
1082	Brigadier General Bruno Helluy , chief of staff of UNIFIL, tries to write with a Chinese writing brush.
1083	Bristle Tips provides similarly fine-tuned control over the brush tip, including shape, length, stiffness, thickness, angle, and spacing.
1084	Britain's Queen Elizabeth II signed the Instrument of Consent, her formal notice of approval for the wedding in elaborate calligraphic script issued under the Great Seal of the Realm.
1085	Britain's Queen Elizabeth II signed, top right, the Instrument of Consent, her formal notice of approval for the wedding in elaborate calligraphic script issued under the Great Seal of the Realm.
1086	Broken golden Chinese calligraphy, representing the number 4, on the door of a Chinese temple.
1087	Bronwyn Trafford, a Te Awanga resident, woke on Wednesday morning to a surprise in the form of a small seal on her doorstep.
1088	Brooklyn got the word ‘married’ in large cursive script along the outside of his left wrist, which he showed off in the picture.
1089	Brooklyn is known for his extensive tattoo collection, he left fans stunned when he got a tattoo in tribute to his wife written in black cursive script in May.
1090	Brown Fruit and Vegetable Grower’s Seed and Plant Catalogue Spring 2019 has a discreet grey cover with drawings of produce in understated colours, labelled in a cursive script.
1091	Brush hair with downward strokes from root to tip.
1092	Brush in downward strokes.
1093	Brush it on sparingly in downward strokes and make sure there is no excess gel on the wand.
1094	Brush shortcuts When using the healing and clone tools you can quickly resize the brush tip by pressing ] and [ or alternatively hold Alt + right mouse button and drag right or left.
1095	Brush tip liners offer more precision if you're doing a cat eye.
1096	Brush tip pen eyeliner: Gigi Hadid recently launched her collection in India and it had such eye liner too.
1097	Brush tip shape, Opacity, Flow, blending mode is the main options of brushing tools.
1098	Brush tip with a soft wire brush to clean off the oxide layer.
1099	Brush tip: A lot of nail glues have adopted this design as the brush applicator is really easy to work with, just like nail polish.
1100	Brush tips are great for applying touch-up paint to larger chips but can often take a skilled hand to correct smaller chips such as in the case of road rash.
1101	Brush tips can be used to draw thin lines or color larger areas, depending on how you hold the marker and press on the tip.
1102	Brush tips with egg wash and bake for about 10 minutes until tops are golden.
1103	Brush up on your Chinese calligraphy and art with the Organization of Chinese Americans-Eastern Virginia Chapter.
1104	Brushstroke Liner features a precision brush tip that makes liquid lining sharp, fast and easy.
1105	Brushstroke direction matters even more when you're applying the stain, so use horizontal strokes anywhere you painted with horizontal strokes and vertical strokes elsewhere.
1106	Bryant’s posting of the legal documents comes just after a judge dismissed efforts by the Los Angeles Sheriff’s Department to keep the deputies’ name sealed in the lawsuit earlier this month.
1107	Buddhism came to be a core part of her artwork, as did Chinese calligraphy.
1108	Build up the mist effect using a combination of brush tips, varying the size of each brush.
1109	Burnt food stuck to a saucepan can be a nightmare to remove, and scrubbing it could ruin the coating, so try a dishwasher tablet to lift the residue.
1110	But 26 years after the first still images of flying white sharks captured the world’s imagination, the sharks Fallows grew to know over two decades of False Bay filmmaking have all but disappeared.
1111	But Beverly Nelson stood by her account that Moore attacked her in a car in late 1977 or early 1978, and her legal team said Friday they had experts who could attest that inscription and signature from Moore — which the Moore camp has challenged — was genuine.
1112	But Dunkirk was almost even more of an oddity, as Nolan revealed in a recent interview that his original idea for the movie was to shoot the entire thing without a formal script.
1113	But Her Majesty issued a Letters Patent under the Great Seal Of The Realm allowing all Prince William's title to be styled Prince or Princess.
1114	But La Follette, in an email exchange on June 10, just before he left for Africa, said the statute’s wording regarding how the governor shall sign and affix the great seal is imprecise.
1115	But Nehwal brought all her experience into play as she began pressurising her much younger opponent by once again changing the pace of the rallies, and to her credit, retrieved a lot of downward strokes to draw level at 10-10.
1116	But The Post did interview another accuser, Debbie Wesson Gibson, who shared a scrapbook from her senior year in high school containing a similar inscription and signature from Moore.
1117	But Wyoming had a Great Seal when it was a territory as well, from 1869 to 1890.
1118	But a small sealed chamber is very different to a real indoor environment in a big building.
1119	But after Ruth finds these papers written by her mother in Chinese calligraphy, “The Bonesetter’s Daughter” sends us back in time, weaving through three generations of mothers and daughters.
1120	But although Watson seemed to enjoy showing off her statement-making ink — which was written in a black cursive script — chances are it won’t be around for long, as it appeared to be only a temporary tattoo upon closer inspection.
1121	But an environmental foundation run by an official with long-standing ties to Xi attended a Vatican conference in September and presented the pope with a gift heavy with symbolism: a silk drape bearing an inscription from an ancient tablet that records the presence of Christianity in China nearly 1,400 years ago.
1122	But an official style guide by the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change suggested the reverse is true.
1123	But as someone well-versed in the local history, Xi instantly realized the stele was an art piece by the Yuan Dynasty calligrapher Zhao Mengfu.
1124	But as we comment in here on the formal script, if you look upon it, on the first half, we are happy to say that 40% of this value -- or more than 40% is coming from our Vision products, and more than 40% of the total order intake for first half is coming out of Active Safety.
1125	But boy, I'm really looking forward to retirement and traveling and doing watercolor painting and Chinese calligraphy, which is one of my hobbies for the last 25 years.
1126	But by focusing on the values that make our country great, we stand a better chance of continuing to exemplify the motto written on our nation’s Great Seal, “E’Pluribus Unum” – that out of many, we are one.
1127	But by leaving the foil and tablets in her sink for five hours and doing 'two minutes of light scrubbing', the marks vanished.
1128	But cursive script of the logo seems a little girlish, better-suited for a Lifetime spinoff.
1129	But despite the fact that “E pluribus unum” (out of many one) appears on our country’s Great Seal and our coinage, Carlson wants you to think he’s more American for suggesting that diversity is exactly what’s wrong with the U.S.
1130	But different styles of script have emerged out of a variety of places and time periods, from 18th-century English copperplate engravings to the ornate swash characters of Chinese calligraphy.
1131	But even if this will be pushed through, there are already a number of members of the royal family who do not have any official style.
1132	But for Kelechi Madu, the sky will only be a stepping stone, not the limits of his potential for pulling off extraordinary feats, which explains why a year later – August 25, 2020 – he was appointed Minister of Justice and Solicitor General for the Government of Alberta and Provincial Secretary and Keeper of the Great Seal of the Province of Alberta – another new high.
1133	But for his comeback, he wanted to do something more "timeless" than clothes, and came up with K3, whose logo is written in Japanese with three horizontal strokes.
1134	But for his comeback, he wanted to do something more “timeless” than clothes, and came up with K3, whose logo is written in Japanese with three horizontal strokes.
1135	But he also collaborated on a Chinese cookbook, wrote a seminal text on Chinese calligraphy and designed sets and costumes for the Royal Ballet.
1136	But he also stressed that his passion for Chinese calligraphy doesn't make him “less Malay”.
1137	But he stresses that ex-inmate tour guides would have to stick to an official script.
1138	But historical geography refers to the geography related to the names of villages, rivers and other geographical features that are found in ancient stone inscriptions, stone tablets and copper plates,” explained Dilip Balsekar, executive editor and secretary of the state gazetteer department.
1139	But how convenient — all you have to do is trace over the words in the background — and now you've written your first character in Chinese calligraphy.
1140	But if Apple follows through with a recently approved patent for a brush tip, that drawback could be set to change.
1141	But if Biden’s two month call for a coup was off the official script, then it was an unofficial script that was widely distributed.
1142	But if scrubbing away with a little tablet isn’t your style, we have exciting news for you.
1143	But in one large atrium, patients were sitting at tables engaged in traditional Chinese calligraphy and conducting tea ceremonies.
1144	But is a crier limited to the official script, or could a crier cry about something else?
1145	But it is ultimately in the gift of the Queen, who can step in and issue a Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the Realm to make the baby boy a prince.
1146	But it undermines the Guiding Principles for Federal Architecture, which states that “The development of an official style must be avoided.
1147	But it was Huang who raised the level at 14-14, dominating the rallies with quick downward strokes to win six straight points.
1148	But it was comments made outside the official script that were the most revealing.
1149	But it was not just any clay tablet with inscriptions of ancient languages, but one that would be unique, because, to date, it has not been possible to decipher its contents.
1150	But no, I haven’t talked in an official style.
1151	But none of this is achievable unless you learn some of the basics of Chinese calligraphy first.
1152	But not at a spices shop, museum souvenir store and a seller of traditional Chinese calligraphy brushes which all had signs saying they accepted mobile pay.
1153	But now Martha Kalifatidis has reached official style icon status - at least according to her network, Channel Nine, she has.
1154	But now, a newspaper is here with an official style guide correction to drop a mic on this whole debate.
1155	But on the other hand, it is worth noting though that formal scripted theatre existed in Uganda as early as 1946.
1156	But one morning in April, he took a walk near his home in Paramus, New Jersey, and spotted on a building, written in crisp, red cursive script, a sign he never thought he would see less than a mile away.
1157	But outside of Gray (and perhaps Trey Smith, who delivered a few of his patented brutal blows including a great seal block on Gray’s score), the standouts for Tennessee on last night were on defense.
1158	But regardless of how this eventually washes out: whether Reynolds is made to suffer a career-threatening penalty (I’ve lost count of the number of parliamentary women predicting that eventuality this week, given the natural way of things), or whether yet more damning evidence emerges contradicting the official script, I hope Morrison might finally understand this much at least.
1159	But she explained to me that the felt tip is for thicker, richer lines (think bold, graphic looks) while the brush tip is for crisp, thin lines (think kitten flicks).
1160	But some users genuinely didn't believe that Secret had painted the picture, and one said: "Pretty sure someone is holding the brush tip next to the dog in an angle.
1161	But speaking of new bands for your Apple Watch, this morning saw a collection of official styles go on sale from $38.
1162	But surely we ought to have a fish on our Great Seal.
1163	But take a closer look at that peace treaty: the Penglian writing looks awfully similar to Chinese calligraphy.
1164	But techies and coders found a workaround to book the slots by running scripts to automate the process.
1165	But thanks to the clever scene construction it is always very easy to understand what’s going on, as the game takes one step back from Nintendo’s insistence on no spoken dialogue to having no formal script of any kind.
1166	But that was the official style at every single newspaper where I have worked, and I had to follow suit.
1167	But that’s the tenor of the times we live in so let’s take a look at The Great Seal of the State of California.
1168	But the Grail cannot pass beyond the great seal.
1169	But the Nazareth Inscription, a marble tablet, has been analysed by scientists, who say that it originated in Greece not the Middle East.
1170	But the big sign by the main entrance is emblazoned with the “Tweed” logo, rendered in the cursive script of a classic baseball team emblem.
1171	But the cursive script covers a glaring grammatical error - that the Brown's University graduate should have spotted.
1172	But the cursive script features a typo - that the Brown's University graduate should have spotted.
1173	But the episode gets a jolt of genuine horror when the balloon is attacked by cliff ghasts, flying creatures that look like clawed flying white monkeys.
1174	But the first clues emerged in 2009, when archaeologists seized a stone tablet allegedly found in a tomb in Gaoxixue village in Anyang county, which bore the inscription “King Wu of Wei”, Cao Cao’s posthumous title.
1175	But the great seal of Hilltown today shows no incorporation date.
1176	But the moment I lifted the tablet off of the magnetic stand and started using my finger to touch clips, scrubbing through audio with the Apple Pencil, or using the new jog wheel -- which is brilliant, by the way -- the experience just made sense.
1177	But the mosquito wing stroke is such that, as soon as the animal stops its downward stroke and reverses its wing upwards, the wing runs into the trailing edge vortex.
1178	But the office is also the official repository of the Great Seal of Wisconsin, which is affixed to various documents.
1179	But the official script has given away a more mundane rationale for Drogon’s attack.
1180	But the reality star added to his impressive collection and wrote the words 'I love you" on his arm in cursive script, confirming they are serious about each other.
1181	But the show also includes the objects that the artist collected from around the world in his Nice studio and which inspired him – from African masks and textiles to examples of Chinese calligraphy and Islamic design.
1182	But their titles were only formally announced when the Letters Patent officially passed the Great Seal of the Realm and the public notice was posted in The Gazette on Friday.
1183	But then there’s the downward stroke of the X.
1184	But these take it back to the roots, putting together elements from season’s past most notably the Chicago cursive script on the front as well as pinstripes on the shorts.
1185	But these were the thoughts of the celebrated playwright Tennessee Williams, penciled in a cursive script in his journal on February 22, 1955.
1186	But they apparently departed from the government’s official script that Mr. Liu was not stable enough to travel.
1187	But they are very costly and rare to find now, so I also want to try synthetic sable and Chinese calligraphy brushes.
1188	But this formal proclamation, officially signed by the monarch under "The Great Seal of the Realm," is required by British law on the royal succession, most of which is about 300 years old but was updated in 2013.
1189	But this opinion wasn't taken seriously, and so we find the bald eagle, a bird native to North America, on the Great Seal of the United States.
1190	But this weekend, perhaps caving to fan pressure or out of sheer boredom, Bieber snuffed out the anti-stache talking points when he sidled up to a mirror — iPhone in his left hand, electric razor in his right — and with a few vertical strokes, buzzed off the follicle buzz.
1191	But through the course of the second set, Satwiksairaj Rankireddy had roused from his strictly steady zone to begin to put a lot of shoulder on his downward strokes.
1192	But to attain that beauty, one might need to be as “Lost in Thought” as his man who’s got tiny squares of multiple colours swirling around his brain even as the remainder of background is filled with straight horizontal strokes to anchor him in the present.
1193	But what if Franklin's preferred bird, the turkey, was on the Great Seal and our money and armed forces?
1194	But what prevailed in the end are the words emblazoned on the Great Seal of the United States: E pluribus unum.
1195	But what really excited the more than 1,000 people at the event at Safra Toa Payoh was the guest of honour, President Halimah Yacob, trying her hand at Chinese calligraphy.
1196	But what really excited the more than 1,000 people at the event at Safra Toa Payoh was when the guest of honour, President Halimah Yacob, tried her hand at Chinese calligraphy.
1197	But what really got the more than 1,000 people at the event at Safra Toa Payoh excited was when the guest of honour, President Halimah Yacob, tried her hand at Chinese calligraphy.
1198	But what will keep me up at night is the cursive script the tattoo is written in.
1199	But when I flip the bill over, a detail on the Great Seal catches my attention.
1200	But when Sunderland Coastguard Rescue Team arrived, they realised it was in fact a small seal in the water.
1201	But when the 14-year-old opened it up, a small sealed plastic bag fell out the manual containing remnants of white powder.
1202	But when the rebellion won and the Soviet Union collapsed, Kobzon was still there, singing in his familiar official style, but now about Russia and freedom.
1203	But while the hack has been given the big thumbs up by many, there’s no denying that scrubbing with a slippery little dishwashing tablet can be a little challenging … until now.
1204	But why have I written down in such a haste, even without grinding an ink stick properly?
1205	But, consider this: if Franklin’s choice of the turkey as the centerpiece of the Great Seal of the U.S. would have been enacted by the Continental Congress of 1782 and later given legal protection by a “Turkey Protection Act” like that given the bald eagle in 1940 we would be prohibited from eating turkey on Thanksgiving Day or at any other time.
1206	But, the frame depth and contour still creates a really great seal and fit on your face.
1207	Buy Photo Patton Kizzire wears a golden pin with the Great Seal in honor of the recent passing of former President George H.W.Bush during the 30th annual QBE Shootout first round on Friday.
1208	Buying some Chinese calligraphy will make you feel that you have truly been to China.
1209	By By Karen Graham 32 mins ago in Environment The Guardian has amended its official style guide addressing climate change in order to highlight what they say is the severity of the crisis, the British newspaper announced to readers Friday.
1210	By absorbing merits of legendary calligraphers from earlier times, famed Song calligraphers including Su Shi (1037-1101), Huang Tingjian (1045-1105), Mi Fu (1051-1107) and also Emperor Huizong, invented their own styles, widely imitated by calligraphy buffs even today.
1211	By being able to eliminate the ‘fear’ of the ball propelling off the wicket and into your throat, you’d imagine that the confidence to stride forward onto the front foot, or stand tall and play the ball defensively at it’s highest point, or even play the pull and hook strokes (Root, Cook), instils a huge level of belief that batting is now about more than just survival.
1212	By contrast, Mebh and Moll are rendered in round strokes, loosely sketched as if by pencil, the colors bright and splotchy, like watercolor.
1213	By contrast, its steep downward stroke illustrates the worsening fortunes of others.
1214	By drawing on the body’s presence (through the words that stand in for it), through the use of cursive script’s implications of meaning tied to the measure of the hand, and through the transcription of words to spoken use – the word as mark becomes the word made present.
1215	By law, whoever knowingly or unknowingly displays any printed or likeness of the great seal of the president or the coat of arms of Ghana, the president, the seal of parliament, or any photograph of a person who is not the president should know is abusing the presidential seal or the coat of arms and shall be fined under the flag and arms protection act 1959/61.
1216	By locking the skirt in that metal furl during sealing, the energy in that rubber flange is captured and causes the rubber to be in a state of compression with the glass crown finish which ensures a great seal during the product lifespan.
1217	By preventing Windows 11 from running script files, harmful macros, or untrusted or unregistered applications, the new Smart App control tool enables users to install new apps and services without concern.
1218	By running scripts frequently, ideally every five minutes, the system can detect anomalies, failed steps, missing validations or backend responses that may result in process failures like checkout errors.
1219	By setting many Chinese calligraphic works inside long glass cabinets, visitors can compare the differences between the works from various masters of the art.The second section makes use of detailed introductions to educate visitors about the fundamentals of art education as they make their way around the exhibits.
1220	By synthesizing this incense, Fan Xinzhong will be able to see his wife’s ghost again, and this incense can only be concocted by Huang Tingjian.
1221	By the following Christmas, I had gotten my first bit of permanent ink on the back of my neck of my surname in cursive script.
1222	By the terms of this splendidly presented document, authorised with the Great Seal of the Realm, Lyon was permitted to endow a school in his native town as a perpetual institution henceforth to be known — slightly cumbersomely — as the ‘Free Grammar School of John Lyon within the town of Harrow-on-the-Hill’.
1223	By using a piece of rubber to make a stamp, the participants will learn the art of stamp-making and gain some knowledge of Chinese calligraphy.
1224	By using a variety of special effects when filming, this dance is able to showcase the enchanting power of traditional Chinese calligraphy.
1225	By using the necessary tools, such as brush, ink stick, paper, and ink slab, which the Chinese calligraphy masters call the ‘four treasures of study,’ and converts the letter of sound into the form of a letter, called calligraphy.
1226	By using the vertical strokes from the dollar sign in the Bitcoin design, Wilson wanted to give the impression that “those lines are not actually from the Bitcoin symbol, but from the $ symbol that's been ‘Stamped’ into the ground by Bitcoin” — an indication of Bitcoin’s monetary dominance.
1227	B’ham East Response tweeted a picture of a dozen small sealed packets of cannabis which were recovered during the incident.
1228	CCTV News also issued an article saying that the “Linxie Sencha Picture” by Ming Dynasty painter Wen Zhengming shows the elegant scenery of spring and Jingming and friends who cook tea.
1229	CHILLICOTHE — During an Arbor Day visit to Great Seal State Park, Governor Mike DeWine dedicated a new grove of trees to the victims and survivors of the coronavirus pandemic.
1230	CHILLICOTHE — Ohio First Lady Fran DeWine visited Great Seal State Park on Friday to unveil a new trail that works to bring books to life for children and families.
1231	CHILLICOTHE — Please join us at Adena Mansion and Gardens along with local yoga Studio “Explorer Yoga,” for a day of tranquility and relaxation, while you enjoy the benefits of Yoga with the view that was the inspiration for the Great Seal of the State of Ohio, “The Overlook”.
1232	CHILLICOTHE, Ohio — The newest Storybook Trail is now open at Great Seal State Park in Chillicothe.
1233	CIRCLEVILLE - On Sunday, July 21 at 6:30 p.m. The Pumpkin Show Community band and the Great Seal of Ohio Concert Band will present a joint concert at the historic Mt. Oval, 3601 Emerson Road, Circleville.
1234	COLUMBUS — State Representative Rick Perales (R-Beavercreek) provided sponsor testimony today on House Bill 42, legislation to add a representation of the Wright Brothers’ first piloted airplane to the Coat of Arms and Great Seal.
1235	COLUMBUS, Ohio - Great Seal State Park in Chillicothe will be the site of a grove of trees that will be planted to remember victims and survivors of the COVID-19 pandemic, Gov.
1236	COVID survivors: Great Seal State Park in Chillicothe will be the site of a grove of trees planted to remember victims and survivors of the COVID-19 pandemic, Laura Hancock reports.
1237	Caceres was nabbed with more than 11 grams of ice and 50 small seal bags in 2017 in Perth.
1238	Cahill put a white lab mouse in a small sealed terrarium.
1239	California’s Great Seal was originally created and adopted at the 1849 state Constitutional Convention and has had only minor design changes over the years, the last when the Seal was standardized in 1937.
1240	Called the Carolina, the style has a slender gold ankle-strap and a heel made of braided jute.
1241	Calligraphy artists Josiah Lo, right, 81, and Chung, 90, write "Fai Chun," traditional decorations with Chinese calligraphy, which sell for HK$30 each (US $3.9), in Hong Kong on Jan.
1242	Calligraphy artists Josiah Lo, right, 81, and Chung, 90, write "Fai Chun," traditional decorations with Chinese calligraphy, which sell for HK$30 each… Calligraphy artists Josiah Lo, right, 81, and Chung, 90, write "Fai Chun," traditional decorations with Chinese calligraphy, which sell for HK$30 each (US $3.9), in Hong Kong on Jan.
1243	Calligraphy on fans was first recorded in the story of Wang Xizhi, a very famous calligraphist in China.
1244	Canadian E&Ps, for all the reasons I mentioned in the formal script, are quite cautious and hesitant.
1245	Canberra, Oct 3 In Dongara, some 351 km northwest of Perth, more than a century-old leather-bound book containing entries written in Gurmukhi - the official script of the Punjabi language - has been found.
1246	Cao Jianqin (R) makes Xuan paper at the Zijinlou Xuan paper factory in Jingxian County in eastern China's Anhui Province on October 22, 2019.
1247	Capsule coffee makers work by creating espresso from small sealed pods filled with pre-roasted and ground coffee.Capsule coffee machines were first introduced to the market here in December 2007, when Nestle launched its Nespresso line here.
1248	Captain Bob inquires about the pin on Bingochea's lapel, which bears the Great Seal of the United States.
1249	Caption Educators and schoolchildren plant one of the trees at the dedication of Ohio's COVID-19 Pandemic Memorial Grove at Great Seal State Park near Chillicothe, Ohio, on April 30, 2021.
1250	Caption Various groups affected by the global coronavirus pandemic gather to plant trees on April 30, 2021, at Ohio's dedication of a new COVID-19 Pandemic Memorial Grove at Great Seal State Park near Chillicothe, Ohio.
1251	Carefully pour the warming rub in a small sealable container, and let set at room temperature for a couple of hours.
1252	Carey Ann Campbell, CEO of Southern Tide, the official style sponsor of the Credit One Charleston Open, joined News 2’s Carolyn Murray and Rob Fowler to discuss the latest trends and cooling technology.
1253	Carole Zhang, a resident who follows Feng Shui, an ancient Chinese system that defines rules about architecture and the arrangement of objects for ensuring good fortune, told that the character, a fundamental part of Chinese calligraphy, was known for association with happiness, success and wealth.
1254	Carolingian script was being replaced by the more fashionable Gothic hand with all those heavy vertical strokes, and dainty curved, horizontal and diagonal lines.
1255	Cartouches, defined by the Merriam-Webster dictionary as a carved tablet or drawing representing an ornamental scroll with rolled-up ends often bearing an inscription, should have been an easy start for Victor since he had taken a French class and knew the word was of French origin.
1256	Carved in 1584 in the Ming Dynasty (1368-1644), the tablet has inscriptions on both sides, with one side bearing the Names of donors.
1257	Carved in 1584 in the Ming Dynasty (1368-1644), the tablet has inscriptions on both sides, with one side bearing the names of donors.
1258	Casper, a young Dane, was deeply attracted by the Chinese calligraphy.
1259	Cass presented his interpretation of the seal and it was adopted in June 1835 as Michigan's official Great Seal.
1260	Catchex Water Brush Pen Set has nylon brush tips that are soft and durable.
1261	Catwalk has partnered with Studio by TCS for deliveries and its official style partner is Nabila to make this initiative the best platform to keep the fashion industry adrift in times of crisis.
1262	Catwalk is partnering with Studio by TCS for deliveries and its official style partner is Nabila to make this initiative the best platform to keep the fashion industry adrift in times of crisis.
1263	Celebrate our differences and values and consider the 1776, Great Seal of the United States of America which states E Pluribus unum, one from many.
1264	Celebrity makeup artists Ehlie Luna and Jeannia Robinette emphasized the importance of choosing the right brush tip when shopping for liquid eyeliners.
1265	Centre manager for McArthur Glen Designer Outlet Cheshire Oaks Kenny Murray said: “We are thrilled to be the official style partner for the Boodles May Festival at Chester Racecourse.
1266	Ceremonial procedures accompanied the emperor’s abdication in which some of Japan’s sacred treasures were presented: a sword representing valor, a jewel representing benevolence, the Privy Seal of the emperor, and the Great Seal of Japan, which is the seal of state according to The Washington Post.
1267	Chagla’s action of unveiling the tablet in the Bombay High Court in honour of Tilak, with an inscription of his immortal words he as a convict had uttered in the court room in 1908, was subsequently criticised by some as an attempt to introduce politics into the administration of justice.
1268	Chan King-fat, 80-year-old calligraphy artist writes "Fai Chun," traditional decorations with Chinese calligraphy in Hong Kong on Jan.
1269	Chan King-fat, 80-year-old calligraphy artist writes a Chinese word meaning "Good Fortune" on a "Fai Chun," traditional decorations with Chinese calligraphy, in Hong Kong on Jan.
1270	Chan King-fat, 80-year-old calligraphy artist writes a Chinese word meaning "Good Fortune" on a "Fai Chun," traditional decorations with Chinese calli… Chan King-fat, 80-year-old calligraphy artist writes a Chinese word meaning "Good Fortune" on a "Fai Chun," traditional decorations with Chinese calligraphy, in Hong Kong on Jan.
1271	Chan King-fat, an 80-year-old calligraphy artist writes a Chinese word meaning "Good Fortune" on a "Fai Chun," traditional decorations with Chinese calligraphy, in Hong Kong on Jan.
1272	Chance cleared the ground around the headstone, took photographs of it and sent them to a friend who translated the inscription on the stone tablet.
1273	Chang loves painting and Chinese calligraphy.
1274	Change the N to M, with a single downward stroke (\) of the paint brush and the D to a B with a single cross stroke (-) and voila — you have the new name DUMBAS, which properly reflects the whole exercise.
1275	Characteristic features such as permeability, greater sealing ability and physical strength makes organic polysulfide an ideal product to be used as a sealant in many industrial applications.
1276	Charise also applied the concealer using the brush tip with small strokes.
1277	Charles I was executed on 30 January 1648, old-calendar style, so that ‘Third Yeare’ – 1651 – identifies this as the second Great Seal of the Commonwealth, ordered by the Council of State and made by Thomas Simon.
1278	Charles Thompson’s original 1782 design for the U.S. Great Seal.
1279	Charles Thomson, one of the lesser-known Founding Fathers at the Continental Congress, curated these words (derived from a poem written in the first century B.C. by Virgil) and was the principal designer of the Great Seal.
1280	Charles Thomson, secretary of the Continental Congress, was instrumental in the design of the Great Seal of the United States.
1281	Charles Thomson, with William Barton, designed the Great Seal of the United States.
1282	Charlotte studied 9 years of formal Chinese calligraphy and 7 years of Chinese brush painting under Master Lui-Sang Wong of San Francisco.
1283	Check out the SlideLock Velcro feature that has an auto-locking one way sliding closure for a great seal at the top of the boot.
1284	Check out this video to get to know some famous Chinese people who had tremendous influence on Chinese calligraphy and some interesting stories about them.
1285	Chee finds herself intrigued by the melted polyurethane, piecing together black and white blotches into an inspired Chinese art — confiding that it is also her first time learning how to ‘write’ Chinese calligraphy.
1286	Cheeks puff, cold gas blasts down your throat, and you may emit what sounds like a small seal’s bark.
1287	Chef Leong, who helms the kitchen of Jade Restaurant at The Fullerton Hotel Singapore, says the Chinese calligraphy helps to highlight Chinese culture and traditions, making it more meaningful.
1288	Chen Hansheng, a well-known Chinese calligraphy, painting and sculpture artist, was recently invited to trial the system in Wuhan.
1289	Chen Juzhong in the Southern Song Dynasty “Peach Blossom Spring”, Zhou Chen in the Ming Dynasty “Peach Blossom Spring”, Wen Zhengming in the Ming Dynasty “Taoyuan Wenjin”, and Qian Gu in the Ming Dynasty “Peach Blossom Spring”.
1290	Cherney, who gave a talk on Tuesday about this piece in particular and about his larger practice of landscape photography, elaborated on the unique quality Chinese calligraphy imparts upon its subject matter, a visual layer beyond meaning.
1291	Cheung’s pictures also show buildings where managers have repainted names in entryways, preserving the cursive scripts and funky lettering of the original.
1292	Chicago, who turned 80 in July, paints on ceramic and kiln-fired glass, filling the small panels with thoughts and fears rendered in her familiar cursive script and evocative figures of animals, men and women, including a female figure with curly red hair who resembles the artist herself.
1293	Children and parents enjoyed a Chinese dragon dance, learned about “The Year of the Dog,” paper folding, Chinese calligraphy, lantern making, a chopsticks game, and more at the Concord Library event in February.
1294	Children need a space where they can write freely without worrying about cursive script or drawing in a margin.
1295	Children practice Chinese calligraphy as a part of a summer camp program at the National Olympic Sports Center in Beijing, capital of China, July 26, 2022.
1296	Children who are enrolled in the Ohio Governor's Imagination Library and who were born in 2017 will receive the book featured at Great Seal State Park in July.
1297	Children’s workshops including lantern making and Chinese calligraphy will be on offer, subject to a small donation.
1298	Chillicothe Trails teamed up with Central Ohio Mountain Biking Organization (COMBO), Great Seal Mountain Bike Volunteers, Ross County Park District, and Bainbridge Connections to clear mountain biking and hiking trails at Paint Creek State Park on Sept.
1299	China Guardian, a mainland Chinese auction house that specializes in Chinese calligraphy and ink paintings, shed 31 percent in sales, sinking to $171 million, but surpassing Phillips, where sales plunged 49 percent to $164 million.
1300	China came close to adding more when substitutes Li Ying and Tang Jiali came close.
1301	China is planning to introduce the UK to Chinese calligraphy, painting, printing and dyeing and embroidery in the near future.
1302	China on Friday unveiled emblems for the 2022 Beijing Winter Olympics and Paralympics inspired by Chinese calligraphy in a star-studded ceremony featuring musical performances by actor Jackie Chan and pianist Lang Lang.
1303	China unveiled emblems for the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics and Paralympics inspired by Chinese calligraphy on Friday, in a star-studded ceremony featuring songs from actor Jackie Chan and pianist Lang Lang.
1304	China's economic development has gone from a "downward stroke in the L-shape to the horizontal stroke", the official Xinhua news agency said, citing Li's comments on the sidelines of China's annual session of parliament.
1305	China's economic development has gone from a "downward stroke in the L-shape to the horizontal stroke," the official Xinhua news agency said, citing Li's comments on the sidelines of China's annual session of parliament.
1306	China, for instance, had Chinese calligraphy registered in 2009.
1307	Chinese Brush and Mediating: Students learn to draw, paint and write Chinese calligraphy while using bamboo brushes with ink and watercolors on paper.
1308	Chinese Calligraphy Class: The Redwood City Library hosts a workshop in celebration of Lunar New Year with calligraphy instructor Jojo Liu, who shares some of the basics of traditional Chinese calligraphy, including how to hold a brush.
1309	Chinese Calligraphy: On to more hands-on activities, turn your guests’ names into a Chinese calligraphy work of art!
1310	Chinese calligraphy (fine handwriting) has long been closely linked with the arts of poetry and painting.
1311	Chinese calligraphy Inscribed in 2009 Chinese calligraphy includes the five most well-known styles of script - the Seal Script, Clerical Script, Regular Script, Cursive Script and Semi-Cursive Script.
1312	Chinese calligraphy Learn the basics workshop, Wellfleet Public Library, 55 W.
1313	Chinese calligraphy activities, zodiac games, tiger hat crafts, a photo booth and food vendors.
1314	Chinese calligraphy and architectural motifs adorn shops and commercial venues.
1315	Chinese calligraphy and brush painting are all connected with hand movements.
1316	Chinese calligraphy and engraving produced by http://www.chinese-tools.com/tools/seal.html.
1317	Chinese calligraphy and painting masterclasses, imperial ceramics workshops for children and adults, ink-rubbing workshops, and conservation and preservation workshops will be held on weekends to engage the public.
1318	Chinese calligraphy and painting.
1319	Chinese calligraphy and the message, “Every day mind is the way” complete this work.
1320	Chinese calligraphy brushes are traditionally made of high quality horse hair because it allows the artist to handle the pressure and brush strokes easily.
1321	Chinese calligraphy can be painted on cloth, on pottery, ceramic, cutlery and other surfaces.
1322	Chinese calligraphy class taught to foreigners in primary schools.
1323	Chinese calligraphy enthusiasts demonstrate Chinese calligraphy featuring oracle bone inscriptions at National Museum of Chinese Writing in Anyang, central China's Henan Province, Oct.
1324	Chinese calligraphy fascinated me.
1325	Chinese calligraphy gave me an insight into their aesthetics.
1326	Chinese calligraphy had influenced several contemporary artists, especially after World War II.
1327	Chinese calligraphy has a special status in Chinese society.
1328	Chinese calligraphy has been revered for centuries as a meditation in motion that nurtures health and success in life.
1329	Chinese calligraphy has undergone the processes of deliberation, revolution and innovation over the past century.
1330	Chinese calligraphy is a Chinese traditional form of writing through the use of ink and a brush.
1331	Chinese calligraphy is a unique skill reflecting a calligrapher's emotions, like sadness or happiness.
1332	Chinese calligraphy is all about lines or the flow of ink, while sculpture is more about three-dimensional artwork.
1333	Chinese calligraphy is governed by the rule of “working out the artwork before putting pen to paper.” That is the same with opera painting.
1334	Chinese calligraphy is not just an ancient art with rigid rules.
1335	Chinese calligraphy is often “written almost to a point of abstraction,” said Cacchione.
1336	Chinese calligraphy is the thread that connects the contributors to the CCACC Gallery’s “Lines of Force.” Yet not all of the artists are calligraphers, and not all of the calligraphy is Chinese.
1337	Chinese calligraphy is the way Chinese people write and speak in Mandarin.
1338	Chinese calligraphy is the writing of Chinese characters as an art form with a long history of artistry.
1339	Chinese calligraphy is the ‘artistic expression of human language in a tangible form’.
1340	Chinese calligraphy started off from a need to record information, but it was soon elevated to the status of an art form.
1341	Chinese calligraphy started off from a need to record information.
1342	Chinese calligraphy was also a featured activity.
1343	Chinese calligraphy was beautiful, the colours and textures opened my eyes.
1344	Chinese calligraphy was used as one of criteria to select officials for the emperor's government in ancient China.
1345	Chinese calligraphy – NZ Chinese Association Hawke's Bay will be demonstrating calligraphy and giving people an opportunity to give it a go.
1346	Chinese calligraphy, an artistic expression of human language in a tangible form, is not exclusively for mankind anymore.
1347	Chinese calligraphy, like architecture, is also about drawing lines and achieving balance by the exact ratio of different parts, Au said, while his displayed works at stations are more about finding the rhythm that suits the characteristics of each station.
1348	Chinese calligraphy, martial arts, Mahjong and authentic Chinese artifacts represented the celebration.
1349	Chinese calligraphy, tea tasting, brush painting and the art of using chopsticks will all be part of celebrating the year of the pig in Preston.
1350	Chinese calligraphy, which has been widely practised in China, was inscribed in the list of the Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity by Unesco in 2009.
1351	Chinese calligraphy.
1352	Chinese characters, on the one hand, play an important role in the long history of social development, such as exchange of thoughts and cultural inheritance, while, on the other, serving as a vehicle for the development of the unique and incomparable kind of visual art that is Chinese calligraphy.
1353	Chinese language and culture are getting popular with Canadians and more and more young Canadians take to Chinese calligraphy and kung fu.
1354	Chinese researchers have developed a non-flammable version of Xuan paper that has high thermal stability, according to the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS).
1355	Chinese tea ceremony, a demonstration of Chinese calligraphy, traditional costumes from the Han and Tang Dynasties, and an illustrated presentation on the essence of traditional Chinese culture.
1356	Choose a large soft brush tip and paint colors over the image.
1357	Choose a soft-edged brush tip and paint over the background to make it completely white, using ] and [ to resize your brush tip as you paint.
1358	Choose from acrylic, brush tip pen, watercolors, or oil pastel.
1359	Choose from one of the 37 supplied ink splash brushes in the Brushes panel, use the ] and [ keys to resize the brush tip, then paint with white to gradually reveal the portrait.
1360	Choose from two drawing ends: a brush tip and a chisel tip.
1361	Chris says he and a friend were paddle boarding when they spotted a small seal on a kelp bed.
1362	Chrissy Teigen already has her family's birthdays tattooed on her arm, as well as the names “John, Luna, and Miles” written in cursive script.
1363	Chrissy Teigen’s new ink, a tribute to Jack simply says ‘Jack’, written in cursive script.
1364	Citizens enjoy Chinese calligraphy and painting works at Suzhou Art Museum in Suzhou city, east China's Anhui Province, during the Spring Festival holiday.
1365	Claim: Benjamin Franklin wanted the turkey — not the bald eagle — to be on the Great Seal of the United States.
1366	Clarify certain provisions regarding the great seal of South Dakota and to establish a penalty for misrepresentation of the great seal.
1367	Classes included employees teaching how to drag makeup, dance classes from around the world including K-pop, Bollywood dance, and Bhangra (Northern India), how-to African drum circle, Chinese calligraphy, bagpiping, making Indian cocktails, sake tasting, and so much more.
1368	Classes on abs and glutes, billiards, chair and restorative yoga, Chinese calligraphy and line dance are offered, among many others.
1369	Clayton Lynn Cope's mother, Carla Cope, said he was a great seal and would help anyone.
1370	Clayton Lynn Cope’s mother, Carla Cope, said he was a great seal and would help anyone.
1371	Clean the toilet bowl: You can skip the fumes from most toilet-cleaning powders by just dropping a dishwasher tablet in the bowl, waiting for it to dissolve, then scrubbing and flushing as usual.
1372	Cleaning solution flows through the brush tip as you scrub, and it can even help fill in tiny scratches on your precious stones and settings.
1373	Clerical script tends to be square and wide.
1374	Click on the Brush preset picker in the top Options bar and choose a soft-edged brush tip with a Size of 200 pixels.
1375	Click the +Import button at the bottom of the brush tip table.
1376	Click the Brush picker in the Options bar, change to Default Brushes then select the Grass brush tip.
1377	Click through the gallery for more of Brigitte Macron’s official style over the years.
1378	Close/cancel any running script windows Open PowerShell on Windows.
1379	Clothing and accessories illustrate the personal style of a first lady or the official style of a presidential administration.
1380	Co-Win chief Dr RS Sharma has said that automatic booking of vaccine slots by running scripts was not possible for ineligible persons, as there are other checks such as OTP validation.
1381	Coat of arms of the United States of America, as depicted on passports, embassies, and the Great Seal.
1382	Codex 1424, written in the ninth century AD, is the oldest complete minuscule manuscript (written in cursive script) of the Greek New Testament in the world.
1383	Coincidentally, as Leonard Gorelik has written for Expedition Magazine, the well-known British archaeologist Sir Arthur Evans, who was the first to excavate Knossos in Crete and “discovered” Minoan civilization, first travelled to the island to examine the small seals.
1384	College St.) hosts a Chinese calligraphy and brush painting exhibition by accomplished and award-winning artists Dr. Nan Liu and Dr. Jianhu Yang.
1385	Colorado wasn’t even a state on November 29, 1864, when members of the First and Third Cavalry, commanded by Colonel John Chivington, led a raid on Chief Black Kettle’s peaceful village of Cheyenne and Arapaho along Sand Creek, 180 miles southeast of the new city of Denver, a camp that was flying white flags as well as the Stars and Stripes.
1386	Colorscience's SPF is a powder and can be applied with the brush tip in swift, circular motions.
1387	Combine lemon zest, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, shallots, Coastal blend seasoning, 1 teaspoon Marrakesh mint tea leaves, agave nectar and remaining olive oil in a small sealable airtight container.
1388	Combined with a scrubbing motion and heat, the tablet dissolves and slowly the stain fades away.
1389	Combined with many years of creative practice, calligrapher Wei Siqin said that it is more suitable to use small script, small running script, and cursive script for calligraphy creation of long vernacular texts.
1390	Combined, this list of seven brushes provides you with over 153 brush tips, and even more if you count preset customization.
1391	Combining ancient Chinese calligraphy artistry with modern-day technology, the exhibit will also incorporate virtual reality and blockchain authentication of the artist and the work that will enhance visitors experience with the artwork displayed at Harvard Club's Cambridge Room, located at 35 W 44th Street, from 9 am to 9 pm on both days.
1392	Come to the Annual Christmas Concert of the Great Seal of Ohio Band being held at Calvary Lutheran Church in Chillicothe.
1393	Coming back to Sindhu, though she played quite a top-class match against Tai it is surprising that she does not hit downward strokes.
1394	Coming in August is Dagger Tattoo Liner, a liner with an angled brush tip that distinguishes it from the finely-pointed brush on the old-school Tattoo Liner.
1395	Coming in black, brown and dark brown, the pen eyeliner has a fine brush tip, which paints waterproof colour onto the lids evenly.
1396	Common parlance in typography, serifs are the small lines attached to larger portions of a letter, such as the small downward strokes at the top, and the horizontal line on the bottom of a capital "T" in the font on this page.
1397	Compact and portable, the pen dispenses a jewelry cleaning solution with a gentle brush tip, which is great for getting into those hard-to-reach crevices.
1398	Compact and portable, the pen is filled with an impressively effective jewelry cleaning solution which it dispenses to a gentle brush tip, making it easy to clean your favorite pieces no matter where you are.
1399	Company Profiles and Sales Data: As the name suggests, this section gives the sales data of key players of the global Four Treasures of the Study market as well as some useful information on their business.
1400	Comparably, this is the longest running scripted drama on cable in television history, and the new season will feature the return of Cameron Monaghan as long-suffering Gallagher son Ian.
1401	Comparing the different types of calligraphy, Al-Hiti said that Arabic calligraphy was always drawn horizontally, as opposed to, for example, Japanese or Chinese calligraphy, which was drawn vertically, and also used different techniques, inks and pens.
1402	Competition by Company: Here, the competition in the global Four Treasures of the Study market is analyzed, taking into consideration price, revenue, sales, and market share by company, market concentration rate, competitive situations and trends, expansion, merger and acquisition, and market shares of top 5 and 10 companies.
1403	Competitors take part in the "Ambassador's Cup" Chinese calligraphy competition at Talal Abu-Ghazaleh Confucius Institute of Jordan in Amman, Jordan, on Feb.
1404	Complete the A Royal Occasion quest by meeting the Zandalari embassy at The Great Seal.
1405	Completely unobtrusive, it doesn't steal focus from the art, and complements the slender gold picture frame.
1406	Composed of three distinct fluid forms, each represents inspiration from the three Chinese calligraphy strokes: the thick ink, the half-dry and the smearing, the Palace Museum Southern Branch will present itself as an ink-dark, sensuous sculptural form sitting within the surrounding green rice and sugar cane fields.
1407	Comprehensive understanding of the fundamental trends affecting each sector despite the greatest threat, the latest technologies and opportunities that can create a global Four Treasures of the Study market for both supply and demand.
1408	Computer vision algorithms are being developed to help the robot locate flowers, and its robotic arm, topped with a set of soft brush tips–designed to act like a bee’s hairs–will gently reach out to each flower and pollinate it.
1409	Congress approved the Great Seal of the United States, featuring the emblem of the bald eagle.
1410	Congress approves the Great Seal of the United States, featuring an image of the bald eagle.
1411	Congress in the Great Seal of The United States in 1782, recited: "E pluribus unum," the Latin for "Out of many, one." Now, this is the motto that makes everyone feel like a part of a united community.
1412	Congressman Hopkinson billed the “Board of Admiralty” in 1780 for his work on “’the flag of the United States of America’ as well as several ornaments, devices, and checks appearing on bills of exchange, ship papers, the seals of the boards of Admiralty and Treasury, and the Great Seal of the United States.
1413	Consider putting the pepper on a flat surface when cutting with horizontal strokes.
1414	Consider the Great Seal given to Thomas Jefferson by a black-garbed stranger, a recreation of the mysterious and ancient Petra.
1415	Consider the motto that we discarded, E Pluribus Unum, which means, “Out of Many, One.” This has been the motto on the Great Seal since 1782.
1416	Consider your company's main methods of shipping to decide on the best bolt seal style for your needs.
1417	Considering it a Hail Mary, I unwrapped the palm-size cedar tool and began dragging its metal mesh screens through a sea of pills in short vertical strokes.
1418	Considering the Tablet itself bears the inscription "Welcome Emissary," it's not a huge leap in logic to wonder if the Tablet could indicate the long-awaited return of Captain Sisko.
1419	Constructed with longer bristles, the brush tip of lettering tools doesn’t have as much spring as an average paint brush and creates a smooth-flowing line in one swipe.
1420	Constructivism emerged from various sources and for a short time became the official style of the Bolshevik revolution associated with such names as Vladimir Tatlin, Aleksandr Rodchenko, El Lissitzky, Liubov Popova and Varvara Stepanova.
1421	Contemporary pieces, including some of the 50 paintings and sculptures by Chinese or Chinese-descended artists the museum has acquired in the last five years, are now integrated into brisk historical surveys, while a specially commissioned work by the Chinese artist Xu Bing, a curious mash-up of Chinese calligraphy and the Roman alphabet, occupies its own room.
1422	Continue dabbing over the image using different brush tips to build up the splashes.
1423	Continue rubbing the tablet over scorched areas and rinsing until it’s completely clean.
1424	Continuing on down from the interlocking 57 is a flying white and orange baseball which plays multiple different roles.
1425	Contrary to other prominent inscriptions of the era, the tablets contained almost no texts on military matters.
1426	Contributors explore new lines of inquiry concerning familiar topics, such as the role that the practice of calligraphy played in Su Shi’s life (rather than his calligraphy style), and a new interpretation of the relationship between writing and moral values among Northern Song thinkers.
1427	Conversely, on the descenders, your brush pen will make a downward stroke that will be thick.
1428	Conversely, the cuneiform inscriptions on the tablets of Sumerians indicate that man’s creator is a civilization known as the Annunaki (Those from the sky).
1429	Copping penned the letter in small cursive script to his wife Marion while stationed overseas in 1944.
1430	Cosmonaut Sergei Prokopyev posted a video on social media where he shows the small sealed hole in the wall of a Russian-made Soyuz space capsule docked onto the ISS.
1431	Counsellors of State perform a variety of duties, such as officially endorsing legislation, approving appointments and authorising the affixing of the Great Seal on official documents like Royal Proclamations, Lord Privy Seal said.
1432	County pubs taking part are The Lord Keeper of the Great Seal in The Parade, Oadby, The Sugar Loaf in High Street, Market Harborough, The Kettleby Cross in Wilton Road, Melton Mowbray, The William Wygston in Leicester Road, Wigston and The Monkey Walk in Marlborough Square, Coalville.
1433	County pubs taking part are: The Lord Keeper of the Great Seal in The Parade, Oadby, The Baron of Hinckley in Regent Street, Hinckley, The Sugar Loaf in High Street, Market Harborough, The Kettleby Cross in Wilton Road, Melton Mowbray, The William Wygston in Leicester Road, Wigston, and The Monkey Walk in Marlborough Square, Coalville.
1434	Courses including Chinese calligraphy, Yangliuqing folk painting, paper folding and paper-cutting, and basic Chinese will help them understand Chinese culture.
1435	Covered in pieces of cloth, the 14-inch tablets with carved inscriptions have hardly been seen since they were looted from an Ethiopian fort in 1868 by invading British forces.
1436	Craft workshops, lion and traditional dances and demonstrations of Chinese calligraphy will also take place.
1437	Crafted from tortoiseshell acetate and resting on slender gold-tone arms, they're fitted with floating gradient lenses.
1438	Create a new blank layer and reduce the Bokeh Brush tip’s Size to 90 in the top options bar to produce smaller specular highlights.
1439	Create hairlike strokes and fill in sparse areas with this revolutionary brush tip.
1440	Create the faux freckles with a pointed eyebrow pencil/ brush tip in a brown tint.
1441	Created by Matt Groening, The Simpsons, which is the longest running scripted series airing in primetime, is currently in its 31st season.
1442	Created by Shonda Rhimes, Grey's Anatomy first debuted on March 27, 2005, and is the longest running scripted primetime series currently airing on ABC.
1443	Creating a comprehensive set of well-performing NLP tools for Konkani written in Devanagari, its official script, is a necessity for enhancing the presence and continuance of the language in this digital era.
1444	Creative pastry cooks in Huangshan city, once called Huizhou, came up with a brilliant idea of combining Chinese calligraphy with tasty pastry.
1445	Credential Exchange allows NinjaRMM admins to assign the use of privileged credentials to a wide variety of specific tasks, providing a more seamless, reliable, and secure way of running scripts, installing patches and updates, and establishing one-click remote connections via RDP.
1446	Credit: Schick To dermaplane, you'll move the tool in downward strokes.
1447	Credit:Christopher Pearce Beverly Ng, 32, a lawyer, grew up in a house with scrolls of Chinese calligraphy on the walls, so there was definitely an appreciation of art.
1448	Credit… Still image, via Court TV During breaks or parts of the Derek Chauvin trial that cannot be broadcast, the camera delivering the live feed of the proceedings will often pan away to a copy of the Great Seal of the State of Minnesota that is affixed to the wall behind the judge.
1449	Crime-themed scripted dramas like Adam-12, Columbo, Kojak, Cagney & Lacey, Hill Street Blues, Miami Vice, and NYPD Blue demonstrated their appeal (as do the countless entries at present, including the two longest running scripted dramas in television history – Law & Order: SVU and parent Law & Order).
1450	Criss-cross your hands and locate the end of your jawline on each side then use gentle downward strokes towards the mid-collarbones.
1451	Criticism of the riot came not only from political media outlets but also from social media such as Facebook groups on Chinese calligraphy and translation.
1452	Crystal also hopes the readings could be used by those organising “home liturgies” during the pandemic, as well as people running scriptural courses.
1453	Cuba_United_States_Vros__1_ A podium with a representation of the The Great Seal of the United States, sits in the staging area before the start of a flag raising ceremony outside the newly opened U.S. Embassy, overlooking Havana's seaside boulevard, the Malecon, in Cuba, Friday, Aug.
1454	Cuba_United_States_Vros__3_ A worker wipes a representation of the The Great Seal of the United States at the newly opened U.S. Embassy in Havana, Cuba, Friday, Aug.
1455	Cuccinelli also courted controversy in 2010, as attorney general of Virginia, when he distributed lapel pins to his staff which featured a Confederate version of the state’s great seal.
1456	Cuccinelli’s imposition of a Confederate great seal and his chipping at the Statue of Liberty were of a piece.
1457	Cultural festivities include lion dances, Chinese folk dancing, zodiac fortune telling, Chinese calligraphy workshops, and much more.
1458	Culture and Community Director of the Chinese Community Center, Mai Li shares 10 things you probably didn’t know about Lunar New Year and even gives us a lesson on the art of Chinese calligraphy.
1459	Cunningham has these words tattooed in a cursive script on his arm.
1460	Cuomo himself dismissed the withering take-down by saying he’s never watched “The Simpsons,” the longest running scripted TV show in history.
1461	Curious folks, including close friends and family, often ask him the same question: Where did his passion for Chinese calligraphy come from?
1462	Currently there are thousands of ivory items offered on the Rakuten site, many of which are carved name seals traditionally used to sign off on official documents.
1463	Currently, Kyle Cavan has necklaces emblazoned with frog fountain, “riff ram” displayed in cursive script and the TCU logo, but Garcia says there are more designs to come.
1464	Currently, gasoline fuel injectors are utilized instead of carburetors, which employ the vacuum formed by the piston's downward stroke to draw in an air-fuel combination.
1465	Cursed by YHW--cursed, cursed, cursed," the inscription on the tablet read.
1466	Cursive script in the top left offers personal reflections and flashes of memory.
1467	Cursive script is typically used for this.
1468	Cursive script was developed from the end of the Han dynasty (220 CE) to the middle of the Tang dynasty (618–907).
1469	Cursive script was installed as a whole-school policy around four years ago.
1470	Cursive script, a misty mountain, local fauna blowing majestically in the wind — this is just the earnest romantic vibe that "Treacherous" deserves.
1471	Cursive script, pastel headers, vaguely encouraging phrases like "she designed a life she loved" … not for me!
1472	Cursive scripts tend to be difficult to read, which is why you won’t see many in the best logos (though there are exceptions).
1473	Cursive, Calligraphy and Brush Lettering for Teens: All Hands Workshop offers a five-week class where youth will develop the versatile skill of writing beautifully by hand or even read cursive scripts, 3:30-5 p.m. Tuesday, 514a Front St., Santa Cruz.
1474	Curve the main downward strokes liberally.
1475	Curved typefaces and cursive scripts tend to appeal more to women, while strong, bold lettering has a more masculine edge.
1476	Customers can also rent a robot for nearly 8,000 yuan per month, said Fang.If a robot pianist and artist fail to amaze you, how about a robotic arm capable of writing traditional Chinese calligraphy?
1477	Cut each steak with downward strokes of the knife into 1/4-inch-thick (6-mm-thick) slices.
1478	Cut pieces of ivory for making "hanko" or carved name seals are seen at a factory in Tokyo.
1479	Cut the back hair in vertical strokes.
1480	Cute design says "Hockey Mom" in a mix of cursive script and leopard print varsity athletic department lettering.
1481	Cute design says "Softball Mom" in a mix of cursive script and leopard print varsity athletic department lettering.
1482	Cyrus Herzl Gordon, Near Eastern cultures and ancient languages expert, believed that the inscription of this tablet was in Paleo-Hebrew.
1483	Cyrus' new ink, that read "Freedom" in cursive script, was posted to celebrity tattoo artist Winterstone's Instagram.
1484	DALLAS (Reuters) - A 1,500-year-old stone tablet with the earliest known chiseled inscription of the Ten Commandments was sold at a U.S. auction on Wednesday for $850,000.
1485	DALLAS (Reuters) - A stone tablet thought to be about 1,500 years old with a worn-down chiseled inscription of the Ten Commandments will be sold next month at auction, with a stipulation that the buyer must put it on public display, an auction house said on Friday.
1486	DALLAS A 1,500-year-old stone tablet with the earliest known chiseled inscription of the Ten Commandments was sold at a U.S. auction on Wednesday for $850,000.
1487	DALLAS A stone tablet thought to be about 1,500 years old with a worn-down chiseled inscription of the Ten Commandments will be sold next month at auction, with a stipulation that the buyer must put it on public display, an auction house said on Friday.
1488	DESIGNED FOR: This portable fire tabletop fueled by smokeless, odorless, rubbing alcohol can be used indoor or outdoor.
1489	DOC say the report stated the small seal was left injured and distressed, leaving a pool of blood in its wake before swimming into the water at Back Beach.
1490	DOOL has aired nearly every weekday since November 8, 1965, making it one of the longest running scripted television programs in the world.
1491	Dab a small amount of diluted 70% isopropyl alcohol onto the cloth and apply it to the screen with gentle, downward strokes.
1492	Dahl sees Deno as a continuation of Node.js, which lets developers use JavaScript for server-side scripting (i.e., running scripts server-side to produce dynamic web page content).
1493	Dahlia Cristalino Tequila — Dane Rivera ABV: 40% Average Price: $38.39 The Tequila: Cristalino is a fairly new style in the world of tequila (it’s not even technically considered an official style, but let’s not get into it) and a lot of people haven’t tried it yet, despite its massive popularity in Mexico City party scenes.
1494	Dainty vintage style change purses in brocade fabrics with slender gold chains were styled around models' necks rather than over the shoulder.
1495	Daly not hinting at all on tapering nor any other winding back of accommodative policy - pretty much the official script for now from the Fed.
1496	Dances, recitals of Chinese poems, tea art and Chinese calligraphy were performed on the occasion.
1497	Daniel Patrick Moynihan (a member of the Kennedy, Johnson and Nixon administrations) drafted in 1962 titled “Guiding Principles for Federal Architecture.” That document has governed the design of federal buildings ever since, stating that the “development of an official style must be avoided.
1498	Darko, the pack of the Zentel tablets have inscriptions in Arabic.
1499	Darren Goebel, AGCO’s director of Global Agronomy and Farm Solutions, said that the future of farming in Africa had to be focused on small seale and emerging middle class farmers.
1500	Dated June 5, 1993, the mint condition letter is written on White House stationery and bears the blind-embossed Great Seal of the United States.
1501	David McKenzie with a Great Seal of Robert the Bruce and a Bruce oak heart.
1502	David Sanders, R-Little Rock -- on its letterhead and signature lines, with their names printed in cursive script in place of handwritten signatures.
1503	David and Victoria Beckham's son, 23, sported a huge inking on the inside of his right bicep written in black cursive script.
1504	David and Victoria Beckham’s 23-year-old son debuted yet another tattoo tribute to his new wife, Nicola Peltz, on Instagram Tuesday: his wedding vows inked in black cursive script down his entire upper arm.
1505	Davidson’s mud-colored hat with cursive script spelling out “Uncle Paulie’s,” meanwhile, pulled James into the vortex.
1506	Davis’s organization also sells a selection of ecologically responsible throws, such as bamboo toothbrushes, recycled plastic cups, and small sealed packets of ground coffee, dry red beans and jambalaya to environmentally inclined float riders.
1507	Day after day, he guided the flatbed chariot with the sun fixed to it, pulled gallantly across the sky by a fleet of flying white horses.
1508	Day after day, he guided the flatbed chariot, with the sun fixed to it, the chariot pulled gallantly across the sky by a fleet of flying white horses.
1509	Days of Our Lives has now been running for 55 years, making it the longest running scripted television show in the world.
1510	Dayu, Goujian, Fan Li, Wang Xizhi, Lu You, Wang Yangming, Xu Wei, Cai Yuanpei, Lu Xun, Zhou Enlai --they are all outstanding representatives of Shaoxing.
1511	De-funk your trash can: If your kitchen (or outdoor) trash can is smelling funky or looking crusty, give it a dishwasher tablet “bath.” Fill it with a few kettles of boiling water, drop a tablet in and let it soak for an hour before lightly scrubbing (if necessary) and rinsing.
1512	DeMarco continued, "Since the founding of these United States, we have endured every type of challenge imaginable - from wars at home and abroad to drought and economic depression - yet, each time, we have come forward stronger with the resolve to continue forging a more perfect union embodying the motto on our Great Seal E pluribus unum.
1513	DeWine and Ohio Department of Natural Resources Director Mary Mertz dedicated a total of 15 trees at Great Seal State Park in Chillicothe.
1514	Dealing with these disparate briefs, he was guided less by the Latin of the Great Seal—E Pluribus Unum—than by the outer-borough demotic of Greg Cuneo, a contractor-macher who used to work for the Kushner Company and once told Kushner, Tutti mangia, or “Everybody eats” (which Kushner leadenly translates as “Everybody has to eat”).
1515	Dear Heloise: I am a plumber, and I wanted to give my two cents’ worth on those blue bleach tablets that folks drop in the tank to keep the toilet bowl clean in between scrubbings.
1516	Dedicated Server has been updated to allow servers to explicitly list which script modules they want loaded when running scripts.
1517	Del Mar Ave., will hold a program for teenagers on how to create ready-to-hang banners using ancient Chinese calligraphy, at 2:30 p.m. Saturday.
1518	Delegates called for better training in traditional Chinese calligraphy: from introducing weekly classes for primary school students to making it a mandatory part of entrance exams.
1519	Demi is no stranger to tattoos and has the word "free" inked in cursive script on one pinkie finger, a lion's face on the back of their left hand, roman numerals on the left side of their torso, and a rose design on their left forearm.
1520	Democrats countered that if unity was the issue, the Great Seal's "E Pluribus Unum" — "out of many, one" — would be more appropriate.
1521	Democrats countered that if unity was the issue, the Great Seal’s “E Pluribus Unum” — “out of many, one” — would be more appropriate.
1522	Democrats offered amendments that ranged from the practical — changing the state’s tax structure to raise the money needed to erase everything non-English, such as the Latin on the state’s Great Seal and state flags, from the mottos that have defined Michigan — to the sarcastic.
1523	Demonstrating Ubtech's humanoid service technologies, the 'panda' impresses visitors with its tai chi movements, Chinese calligraphy skills and knowledge on China smart cities, while its cousin, the Walker X robot gives updates on China's space millions and achievements.
1524	Denmark-based Universal Robots showcased R5, a collaborative robot capable of Chinese calligraphy, while Hitachi exhibited movable collaborative robots to be launched in the third quarter of 2017 at JPY17 million (US$151,200).
1525	Depending on the project you’re working on - there are two methods we’ll cover for handling long running scripts.
1526	Deputy Public Prosecutor Li Yihong noted that Tang was "skilled in camera placement", angling the camera so that it would clearly capture the faces of the women and their private parts.
1527	Deputy public prosecutor Li Yihong described Tang as being “skilled in camera placement” and who took “numerous” videos of unsuspecting victims in school uniform or attire.
1528	Dereck Kwok, 83-year-old calligraphy artist teaches his customer Hayley Au to write "Fai Chun," traditional decorations with Chinese calligraphy in Hong Kong on Jan.
1529	Dereck Kwok, 83-year-old calligraphy artist teaches his customer Hayley Au to write "Fai Chun," traditional decorations with Chinese calligraphy in Ho… Dereck Kwok, 83-year-old calligraphy artist teaches his customer Hayley Au to write "Fai Chun," traditional decorations with Chinese calligraphy in Hong Kong on Jan.
1530	Dereck Kwok, 83-year-old calligraphy artist, left, teaches his customer Hayley Au to write "Fai Chun," traditional decorations with Chinese calligraphy in Hong Kong on Jan.
1531	Dereck Kwok, 83-year-old calligraphy artist, left, teaches his customer Hayley Au to write "Fai Chun," traditional decorations with Chinese calligraph… Dereck Kwok, 83-year-old calligraphy artist, left, teaches his customer Hayley Au to write "Fai Chun," traditional decorations with Chinese calligraphy in Hong Kong on Jan.
1532	Dereck Kwok, 83-year-old calligraphy artist, shows his "Fai Chun" with Chinese words "Happiness arriving at your Door," traditional decorations with Chinese calligraphy, selling for HK$ 250 each (US $ 32) in Hong Kong on Jan.
1533	Derek Chan, a calligraphy artist, writes "Fai Chun," traditional decorations using Chinese calligraphy in Hong Kong on Jan.
1534	Described as "ink on gold-painted silk" by international auction house Bonhams, the largest couplet in running script by Zhang Daqian (1899-1983) was presented at an auction preview in Hong Kong on Tuesday.
1535	Describing her first glimpse in his house, Tagore in his autobiographical masterpiece My Boyhood Days (Chhelebelai) writes, “A new bride came to the house, slender gold bracelets on her delicate brown hands…I circled around her at a safe distance, but I did not dare to go near.
1536	Description: If you want a lovely sheen and many different colors, Ooly has the best brush tip shimmering markers.
1537	Design elements of the Good Fortune Tiger include the Bay Bridge, Chinese-style clouds, fireworks, and Chinese calligraphy.
1538	Designed with a flexible brush tip that won’t skip or drag, this liquid eyeliner pen is great for defining hooded eyes, and you can create both thin lines and thick lines with ease (although it might take a little practice).
1539	Designed with a petite brush tip for quick and easy application, the vegan must-have is both waterproof and smudge-proof for a day of flawless wear.
1540	Designed with a solid frame, a tough steel shank reinforced and CE-certified sole, and a SlideLock Velcro function that ensures a great seal at the top of the boot, even with knee braces.
1541	Designers explains how the inspiration for the new font in Huawei's HarmonyOS system was inspired by Chinese calligraphy dating back some 3,000 years.
1542	Despite Mr Palmer’s claim the title is fictitious, the Queen herself signed the Act at Government House on October 19, 1973, changing the official style and title in Australia to “Elizabeth the Second, by the Grace of God Queen of Australia and Her other Realms and Territories, Head of the Commonwealth”.
1543	Despite a total of four writers and filming beginning before an official script was completed, Spidey 2 contains more coherent drama, action and character development than a dozen of the usual Hollywood blockbusters.
1544	Despite competing in an online platform, finalists managed to brilliantly deliver speeches in Chinese to elaborate their understanding of the theme and present attractive cultural performances such as Chinese calligraphy, painting, dancing and singing.
1545	Despite the backlash, there is no official script or a cast.
1546	Despite the cultural imprint left on Vietnam by China (although French colonialism from the 19th to 20th century saw the adoption of the Latin alphabet over Chinese calligraphy), these two countries have rarely seen eye-to-eye.
1547	Despite the fact Architectural Record has ceased publication of any but “Modernist” homes in its Record Houses issue for a generation, Record’s editor-in-chief, Cathleen McGuigan cited Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan’s words from the Guiding Principles: “an official style must be avoided,” and that “new buildings should reflect their time.
1548	Despite the high tensile strength, the paper exhibits a soft and delicate texture, ideal for ancient paintings and Chinese calligraphy.
1549	Despite the lack of any formal script, the film was largely finished in time for its Boxing Day premiere.
1550	Despite the malfunction, the crowd roared with laughter, and kids tried to catch the flying white and orange balls.
1551	Despite the obvious fallacy in claiming the Great Seal of America as a Nazi symbol, the call was taken up by USA Today which “fact-checked” the president.
1552	Despite their authoritative proclamations, it is important to realize that both of these hosts were hired because of their ability to improvise, and neither of these statements is in the official script notes.
1553	Developed in Huzhou in east China's Zhejiang province, the Huzhou writing brush serves as one of the "four treasures of study" in traditional Chinese culture (the other three are Xuan paper, Duan ink stone and Hui ink) .
1554	Dewar's receipt of a parchment royal appointment and the Great Seal of Scotland is a precursor to that.
1555	Deware’s ruling does not invalidate Murphy’s appointment, which would create a constitutional crisis in the province, calling into question the laws she has signed and the cabinet regulations that require the lieutenant-governor’s use of the Great Seal of New Brunswick.
1556	Diane Atkinson, owner of An Tao Acupuncture and Wellness, will offer a free online tutorial in Chinese calligraphy on Sunday through the library, and a free class on supporting emotional health through Chinese medicine concepts on Wednesday.
1557	Did Henry discuss with him the “great matter” before offering him the Great Seal?
1558	Did NOT like my brush tip pit pen.
1559	Did you ever wonder what the meaning of New Jersey’s Great Seal is?
1560	Did you know Thomson gave the symbolic meaning to each part of the Great Seal?
1561	Did you know that on the Great Seal, the words “annuit coeptis” essentially mean God has favored our undertakings?
1562	Did you know the Great Seal of the United States of America is found on the back of every one-dollar bill?
1563	Did you know the bald eagle was chosen as the national bird in 1782 because the Continental Congress gave Charles Thomson, the man behind our national bird, the task of designing the Great Seal of the United States of America?
1564	Diesel is the official style partner of the Italian football giant.
1565	Different from flat rubbings, high relief rubbings require the craftsman to cut the Xuan paper into pieces according to the convex and concave of the sculpture, and then splice hundreds of pieces of paper together to reproduce the artwork.
1566	Different from his block script works, cursive script has the characteristics of being relaxed, spontaneous, and full of atmosphere.
1567	Different from his previous works, this two-channel video is projected onto the Chinese traditional Xuan paper - Jia Xuan.
1568	Different kinds of tea pots are displayed in the teahouse, where it would be nice to spend an afternoon immersed in the tea culture and Chinese calligraphy.
1569	Digital employee experience platforms offer automated remediation capabilities, such as running scripts.
1570	Ding, who came into contact with Nishan ink slab for the first time in 1978, tries to preserve the pristine and natural beauty of stones and create a sense of artistic conception when making ink slabs.
1571	Dip a tablet in the water and use it to go over your furniture, scrubbing away any marks.
1572	Dipping branches used for water were longer and had thicker brush tips than those used for honey.
1573	Dipping the tablet in warm water and rubbing it on the door repeatedly until disintegration helps eliminate heavy grease and grime.
1574	Directly across the Great Seal is a painting of the Seal of New York, which is from the same time period.
1575	Directly in the center on the field of blue is the Great Seal of the State of Kansas with our motto arching near the top: “Ad Astra Per Aspera” to the stars through difficulties.
1576	Director-General Qu gave a keynote speech to open the ministerial meeting on Friday, as well as participating in a press conference with Italian Agriculture Minister Stefano Patuanelli, to whom he gave a parchment with Chinese calligraphy declaring that food concerns are the top priority of governments, which are servants to their people.
1577	Disallows running scripts.
1578	Discussing a new Bill, the Lord Privy Seal today told Parliament’s upper house: “The functions Counsellors of State undertake can include, for example, indicating assent to legislation, formally approving appointments, and providing authority for the affixing of the Great Seal to documents, such as royal proclamations.
1579	Disillusioned with the official script, Daniel eventually goes cloak-and-dagger rogue and is on his way to publicizing the Pentagon Papers, a momentous decision that Mr. Spielberg enlivens with spooky shadows and what may be the most nervous-making photocopying in film history.
1580	Disillusioned with the official script, Ellsberg eventually goes cloak-and-dagger rogue and is on his way to publicizing the Pentagon Papers, a momentous decision that Spielberg enlivens with spooky shadows and what may be the most nervous-making photocopying in film history.
1581	Disney has stated that the scene was improvised and not part of the official script, but should they have left it in anyway?
1582	Disneytown’s Spring Festival Wishing Star Market will let Guests join interactive games and take part in traditional experiences like dough figurines, Chinese calligraphy, puppet shows, and shadow play.
1583	Dispensing of only one component ensures that even very small sealing gaskets can be produced accurately without any problems.
1584	Diss Debar was the designer of the Great Seal of West Virginia and the state’s first commissioner of immigration.
1585	Disturbed by the fate of the so-called “Radium Girls,” who licked their brush tips as they painted glowing figures on clock dials, Curie spoke out late in life about radioactivity’s health hazards, even as her own exposures threatened to consume her.
1586	Diversity Day, which was the committee’s signature event, featured guest speakers, a sampling of ethnic food and entertainment that ranged from dance to Chinese calligraphy and paper folding.
1587	Do a few upward and downward strokes on each cheek to see an effect.” — Dr. Mona Gohara, dermatologist at Yale School of Medicine in New Haven, Conn.
1588	Do not build any homes below this point." Inscriptions on old stone tablets located near the coastal city of Kesennuma, warn people to "Always be prepared for unexpected tsunamis.
1589	Do you think Chinese calligraphy is a vanishing art form?
1590	Dobrev is seen wearing a slender gold chain in the image, keeping her accessorizing to a minimum given her surroundings.
1591	Doctor Zhang Jian, a psychologist of the Chinese peacekeeping mission, offered the children a show of Chinese calligraphy.
1592	Doctors are fond of writing referrals, orders and prescription in cursive script.
1593	Doesn't the Great Seal of the United States read: "E Pluribus Unum"?
1594	Donald Trump proposes architectural classicism as an official style of State.
1595	Done With Beautiful Chinese calligraphy with brush seal script stamp combining to give an awesome cool fashionable look for your whole family crew.
1596	Dong Qichang said: “The most important thing is the so-called Yunfeng stone traces in Moji.
1597	Dong Qichang was the leading theorist, calligrapher, painter, and collector of his age, and he remains highly regarded today.
1598	Dong Qichang, "Landscape in the Style of Wang Meng," created in the 1620s-1630s.
1599	Dong Qichang, a scholar artist of incomparable gifts, died not long before the 1644 collapse.
1600	Dongpo soup honors the 11th-century Chinese poet, calligrapher and food connoisseur Su Shi, who also was known as Su Dongpo.
1601	Doniella took to Instagram to break down Jules’ “little white whisker wings” — a white triple-winged liner that helped show her need for self-preservation, while the black, bold downward strokes Jules donned for the New Year’s Eve bash, reveals how the tiniest of details can evoke so much.
1602	Donne wanted to be a diplomat or courtier, and was appointed secretary to the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, Thomas Egerton.
1603	Donsee10 brand founder Danqi Chen presented a bag design inspired by biodynamic grape harvesting created from botanical leather derived from wine residue featuring Chinese calligraphy.
1604	Don’t get me wrong, Caffelatex is a great sealant that plugs holes like a champ, but in my experience, it dries up pretty quickly.
1605	Dr Broker advocates directing all your power into the downward stroke, starting the stroke at 12 o’clock, and ending it at 6 o’clock.
1606	Dr Jen captioned the photo: "With @generalhospitalabc Legend @finolafilona Celebrating the longest running scripted drama in television history!
1607	Dr John S Pemberton may have perfected the Coca-Cola formula in the 1880s, but it was his book-keeper Frank M Robinson who not only chose the name, but also penned it in the distinctive cursive script that would define the brand over the next century.
1608	Dr Martin Worthington says that the inscription on the 11th tablet of Gilgamesh, a clay tablet with dates back to at least the 7th Century BC and is currently held in the British Museum, has a secret double meaning.
1609	Draft of an order in council authorizing Your Majesty's secretary of state for Northern Ireland to make use of the existing great seal of Northern Ireland until another seal be prepared and authorized approved draft of an order in council authorizing Your Majesty's First Minister of Scotland to make use of the great seal of Scotland until another great seal of Scotland.
1610	Draft of an order in council authorizing the Lord Chancellor to make use of the great seal for sealing all things whatsoever that pass the great seal until another great seal.
1611	Dragon and Phoenix also explores connections between Chinese calligraphy and Arabic scribing of the Quran.
1612	Drake in his Instagram Story shared a photo of Boseman and added the flying white dove emoji, panther paw prints and a sad face emojis.
1613	Draw some branches with you silver black velvet brush tip.
1614	Drawing is pivotal to Downie’s accomplished new body of work, which has absorbed influences from Chinese calligraphy, Japanese design and Australian Aboriginal art.
1615	Drawing on Iranian inscriptions, cuneiform tablets, art, and archaeology, he shows how the Achaemenid Persian Empire was the world’s first superpower—one built, despite its imperial ambition, on cooperation and tolerance.
1616	Drawing on Iranian inscriptions, cuneiform tablets, art, and archaeology, he shows how the Achaemenid Persian Empire was the world’s first superpower—one built, despite its imperial ambition, on cooperation and tolerance.
1617	Drawing on this is extremely fun especially because you can keep rubbing the tablet clean and redrawing.
1618	Dressing in khaki uniforms said to resemble guerrillas' outfits and carrying red flags, they march to the summit of the volcano, where an inscription in Kim Jong Il's handwriting proclaims: "Mount Paektu, holy mountain of the revolution" and a tablet on the rim declares Kim Jong Un "another unsurpassed hero received by Paektu".
1619	Dressing in khaki uniforms said to resemble guerrillas’ outfits and carrying red flags, they march to the summit of the volcano, where an inscription in Kim Jong Il’s handwriting proclaims: “Mount Paektu, holy mountain of the revolution” and a tablet on the rim declares Kim Jong Un “another unsurpassed hero received by Paektu”.
1620	Dressing in khaki uniforms said to resemble guerrillas’ outfits and carrying red flags, they march to the summit of the volcano, where an inscription in Kim Jong-il’s handwriting proclaims: “Mount Paektu, holy mountain of the revolution”, and a tablet on the rim declares Kim Jong-un “another unsurpassed hero received by Paektu”.
1621	Drive 30-35 minutes south from Columbia into the state capital, and you'll find a familiar red logo with white cursive script.
1622	Drop a denture tablet into your tea-and coffee-stained mugs for a few minutes and your cups will soon be back to sparkling and ready for the next cuppa – no scrubbing required.
1623	Dubbed "Inner Search," the sculpture looked a lot like the Great Seal on the back of the dollar bill.
1624	Dubbed the “Sage of Calligraphy,” Wang Xizhi and his son Wang Xianzhi’s works feature in the other five volumes.
1625	Due to corrosion, the inscription on the 5in stylus – used to scratch letters on a wax-covered tablet – was exceptionally difficult to read and became legible only after painstaking work by conservators.
1626	Due to this popularity, in March, the craft beer trade group the Brewers Association (BA) announced it would be adding these hazy brews to its official style guidelines, setting them up to be included at this year’s Great American Beer Festival competition.
1627	Duke also created a new logo in 2018 that mirrors Duke’s with “a similar cursive script” and the same black, red and yellow color scheme, Sauer said.
1628	During a date night with her husband John Legend, she posted a picture of her arm with the word “Jack” in cursive script on her wrist.
1629	During a recent Lunar New Year lunch for the media, KS Wong, Senior General Manager of Sunway Velocity Mall Sdn Bhd said the mall has organised many Cantonese cultural workshops like opera mask making and a Chinese calligraphy workshop, as well as performances like Cantonese opera and Cantonese old folks’ songs to highlight the uniqueness of the culture and custom of the Cantonese heritage.
1630	During a summer job in a hot Chinese restaurant kitchen, the first two characters I learned to write for takeout orders in traditional Chinese calligraphy was to go.
1631	During his lifetime, Wong's unique style of mixing Chinese calligraphy and landscape paintings with Western art would be used in live-action films, as well as featured in exhibits highlighting the works of Pablo Picasso and Henri Matisse.
1632	During setup, the Alexa app will tell you whether you have achieved a good seal by playing a few tones and analyzing how much sound leaks through to those external mics – and as achieving a great seal is crucial if you want the best sound quality and noise cancellation, it’s a feature we appreciate.
1633	During that meeting, the Chief Justice at the time, Henry Boulton, pointed out that the writs of election did not "bear the Great Seal" of Newfoundland.
1634	During the Chinese New Year, we host a Fun Fair where families come and play zodiac games, make dumplings, do lion dance, tell a fortune, write Chinese calligraphy and get red pockets to celebrate the biggest day in Chinese culture.
1635	During the Ming and Qing dynasties (16th to early 18th century), a time of great political and structural change in Chinese history, Wen Zhengming (1470-1559) led the Wu school, a group of literati painters who promoted personal expression in artwork.
1636	During the Qing Dynasty (1644-1911), leading royal court official He Shaoji (1799-1873) gained fame by virtue of his superb talent in calligraphy and epigraphy.
1637	During the beginning of the American republic, there are even irons that have the Great Seal of the United States embossed on them.
1638	During the celebration, students expressed their great interest in the Chinese culture by giving speeches in Chinese and performing Chinese calligraphy.
1639	During the ceremony, Premier Scott Moe advised the Lieutenant Governor, as His Majesty's Representative in the province, to issue a statement under the Great Seal of the Province of Saskatchewan announcing the death of Her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth II, and the accession of His Majesty King Charles III.
1640	During the downward stroke, "the flexible wing fills up with air, and at the bottom of the downstroke, it flexes back into place and expels the air, which generates extra lift," he explained.
1641	During the half-day event held in the Cambodian capital Phnom Penh, participants wrote Chinese calligraphy to voice their support for the Beijing Winter Olympics and offer best wishes for the Spring Festival.
1642	During the meeting, in commenting on U.S. policy, Putin teased Bolton, asking him whether the eagle on the Great Seal of the United States had eaten the olives on the olive branches – a symbol of peace – leaving only the arrows.
1643	During the momentous summer of 1776, Du Simitiere was asked to serve as consultant to the Great Seal Committee of the Second Continental Congress.
1644	During the night the elderly Archbishop Sudbury came quaking to the king and surrendered the Great Seal – symbol of his other job, the Chancellorship of England.
1645	During the pandemic, Amy, I don’t know if you saw this, but in Guatemala, in Guatemala City, in fact, people were flying white flags to say, “We are hungry,” as if in surrender.
1646	During the past 70 years, 243 counsellors and 313 researchers have received the appointment.Exhibitions presenting operation of the two bodies, a collection of Chinese calligraphy and paintings, and their exchanges with high-end foreign think tanks, were featured in the open day event.Established in November 1949, the COSC is an advisory organ directly under the State Council.
1647	During the period of his stay, he studied Chinese calligraphy and Japanese calligraphy at the same time, and published "Jin Ou's Calligraphy, Painting and Seal Carving Works" and "History of Japanese Ancient Seals and Ancient Seals Research".
1648	During the raid, the Anti Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) recovered SPSPHEN +(tramadol hydrochloride acetaminophen dicyclomine hydrochloride capsules), a total of 192 capsules and 740 numbers of orange colour tablet with the inscription capital R on it.
1649	During the renovation of the temple built by Vikrama Cholan (CE 1118-1136), a large stone tablet with an inscription was found buried in the temple premises.
1650	During the same monthlong convention, the Great Seal was created.
1651	During the symposium, Su Shishu, Chairman of the Chinese Calligraphers' Association, held academic exchanges with visiting calligraphers by hosting "International celebrities describing Qingdao with calligraphy" and "Calligraphy masters entering campus and community".
1652	During the symposium, Su Shishu, Chairman of the Chinese Calligraphers’ Association, held academic exchanges with visiting calligraphers by hosting “International celebrities describing Qingdao with calligraphy” and “Calligraphy masters entering campus and community”.
1653	During the talent show, contestants displayed flute playing, Chinese dance, Chinese calligraphy, poetry recitation and song singing.
1654	During the talent shows, the contestants performed Chinese dance, Chinese calligraphy, Chinese songs, flute playing, Chinese crosstalk.
1655	During the years of excavations, archaeologists have discovered many clay and bronze tablets, funerary inscriptions on sarcophagi.
1656	During their January vacation, Gomez shared a photo on Instagram of the pair linking arms to display their new ink – the word “angel” tattooed in a cursive script.
1657	During their visit to the center, the ambassadors tried their hand at Chinese calligraphy, playing the piano and having their blood pressure measured, just as local residents would.
1658	During those protests seven years ago, Williams was spotted, using his Capitol ID to return to the Capitol after hours and deliver food to the protesters camped around the Great Seal of the State of Florida.
1659	Duties include granting royal assent to acts of parliament, approving public appointments and ministers of the crown and the fixing of the Great Seal of the Realm – a symbol of royal authority – to royal proclamations or Letter Patent.
1660	E Pluribus Unum (“out of many, one”) appears on the Great Seal of the United States.
1661	E Pluribus Unum is the traditional motto of the United States, appearing on the Great Seal and coinage.
1662	E Pluribus Unum was at one time thought important enough to appear on our coins and as part of the Great Seal of the United States.
1663	E Pluribus Unum–out of many, one–is a latin motto of the United States that’s inscribed on the country’s Great Seal.
1664	E pluribus unum has been on the Great Seal of the United States since the 18th century.
1665	E pluribus unum says the great seal of the United States, “out of the many, one” – is this impossible, short of some hellish purging of our diversity of race, ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, cultural background?
1666	E pluribus unum – Latin for “Out of many, one” – is a traditional motto of the United States.Its inclusion on the Great Seal of the United States was approved by an Act of Congress in 1782, six years after the signing of our Declaration of Independence, and five years before the adoption of our Constitution on September 17, 1787.
1667	E pluribus unum, a Latin phrase on the Great Seal of the United States, is a timeless and universal concept not limited to any nation or people.
1668	E pluribus unum, “Out of many, one”, the motto of the United States of America, appears on one side of the country’s Great Seal.
1669	Each bell bears the Great Seal of the United States, together with the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
1670	Each brush tip should be made of a simple silhouette.
1671	Each bud houses a 5mm dynamic driver and features a soft silicone ear tip that offers a great seal that ensures good noise isolation.
1672	Each end holds a different shade and texture built into each trusty and effective brush tip.
1673	Each item featured either “Drew League” or “Drew Crew” in the team’s well-known cursive script.
1674	Each marker features a fine tip at one end to draw profuse lines and a chisel or brush tip on the other end for broad strokes and excellent color coverage.
1675	Each marker has a brush tip for sweeping, watercolor-esque lines and a fine tip for detail work, and the ink is acid-free and nontoxic.
1676	Each of the envelopes also contained a small sealed bag containing a white powdery substance.
1677	Each of the tablets featured a Greek inscription dedicated to the priest Leonitis and his family members who were the donors of the tablets.
1678	Each of these films had a slightly different approach, but none of them really had a formal script.
1679	Each of these trademarks is composed of the feature’s name in stylized Chinese calligraphy and is categorized under one of 45 international trademark classes, which cover everything from musical instruments to legal services.
1680	Each one has a default brush tip, too, but you can choose from any number of brush tips by clicking the Predefined tab in the brush menu.
1681	Each one is double-sided, so it has a fine tip paired with a classic brush tip.
1682	Each one of the hundreds of crisp images was documented with exact names, dates and places, written on the back in dignified, cursive script.
1683	Each pair of sunglasses features the exclusive MBB x Vogue Eyewear temple inscription and signature “M” tips.
1684	Each pen contains over 20 uses so one order is good for more than a month, and the soft brush tip makes it easy to get those hard-to-reach crevices between your teeth.
1685	Each pen is dual-sided, with a fine tip on one end for consistent, narrow lines and a brush tip for broader strokes.
1686	Each piece is entitled with the name of the horse, along with a eulogy penned by the emperor himself and written by renowned calligrapher Ouyang Xun.
1687	Each piece is finished with my red name seal.
1688	Each pillar has an elliptical opening that slants downwards toward the Great Seal of the United States of America.
1689	Each programming language has a dominant style, sometimes like in the case of Python an official style guide is presented as the correct way to author programs.
1690	Each sample needs to be in a small sealed container.
1691	Each sneaker has an inscription and signature by Jordan to highlight their authenticity.
1692	Each sponsor paid $50 to have a cast iron tablet (each was hand made by Bristol) with a promotional inscription of their choice placed on their donation.
1693	Each station had a small sealed plexiglass ballot box which was taken out by volunteers on visits to voters who were too frail or too ill to come down to the polling station.
1694	Each tablet is infused with powerful, natural ingredients that work to banish germs and bacteria from the inside of your stainless steel bottles — no scrubbing required.
1695	Each tabletop includes a metal inscription with the artist’s name and website, to encourage visitors to explore more of the artist’s work.
1696	Each time you click, the brush tip will change shape and orientation for a random result.
1697	Each trend of the global Four Treasures of the Study market is carefully analyzed and researched about by the market analysts.
1698	Each was painted freehand in Nikole’s home studio onto dyed Xuan paper, an authentic Chinese rice paper with gold flecks peppered throughout.
1699	Each whitening kit contains enough gel to last 20-25 times along with a 10ML syringe, 2 custom-fit mouth trays (one for your upper teeth and one for your lower teeth), a brush tip applicator pen, and an easy-to-use Blue LED light whitening device.
1700	Each year Ascot release an official style guide to reinstate the event's strict dress code and suggest appropriate looks.
1701	Each year an official style guide reiterates these rules with occasional tweaks, such as women's jumpsuits being allowed for the first time in 2017 and men's socks made mandatory in 2018.
1702	Earlier this month, ValueHealth also partnered with Chillicothe, Ohio-based Great Seal Medical Group to develop several ASCs throughout Ohio and across the upper Midwest region.
1703	Earlier this year, the post replaced the gold medallion, the Great Seal of the United States, which had been stolen from the sculpture’s sword, a week after its dedication in 1928.
1704	Earlier this year, when Mnangagwa was still vice president, he stuck to an official script that Mugabe was the only leader suitable for Zimbabwe, denouncing any "mad young people" in ZANU-PF who wanted him to oust Mugabe.
1705	Earlier this year, when Mnangagwa was still vice president, he stuck to an official script that Mugabe was the only leader suitable for Zimbabwe, denouncing any “mad young people” in ZANU-PF who wanted him to oust Mugabe.
1706	Earlier, Anwar tried his hand at Chinese calligraphy, writing “We are one family”.
1707	Earlier, the day-long event was marked by Chinese musical and cultural festivities which included eating competition with chopsticks and Chinese calligraphy.
1708	Early Tang Dynasty copy of Wang Xizhi’s Lantingji Xu, located in the Palace Museum, Beijing.
1709	Early on, our country established a set of symbols – the bald eagle, Uncle Sam, the U.S. flag, the Great Seal, and the Statue of Liberty.
1710	Earth Tones Leather Dye Pens feature a flexible brush tip on one end and a fine-tip on the other, allowing blending and detailing on a variety of leather projects.
1711	Eddie demonstrated the blow on three occasions to the court, clenching his first in the downward stroke, as Judge Wendy Joseph, QC, asked for clarification of how the killer struck.
1712	Eden showcased the fresh cursive script in the snap, which adorns the right side of his gym-toned body.
1713	Edjeren became a born again lady, at the time she went to Ghana to shoot a movie, where she lived in a hotel room for eight months running scripts and productions.
1714	Educators and schoolchildren plant one of the trees at the dedication of Ohio's COVID-19 Pandemic Memorial Grove at Great Seal State Park near Chillicothe, Ohio, on Apr 30, 2021.
1715	Educators and schoolchildren plant one of the trees at the dedication of Ohio's COVID-19 Pandemic Memorial Grove at Great Seal State Park near Chillicothe, Ohio, on April 30, 2021.
1716	Educators and schoolchildren plant one of the trees at the dedication of Ohio’s COVID-19 Pandemic Memorial Grove at Great Seal State Park near Chillicothe, Ohio, on April 30, 2021.
1717	Effective with the 2024 season, the entire body of the number (the continuous horizontal bars and vertical strokes) of the number shall be a single solid color that clearly contrasts with the body color of the jersey.
1718	Eight Chinese characters in seal script emerge from the patterns.
1719	Eight new dispensing brush tips are available, designed to offer end users more diversity.
1720	Eight-year-old Grace Slaughter explained the meaning behind the colors of the Great Seal: White signifies purity and innocence, red for hardiness and valor and blue represents vigilance, perseverance and justice.
1721	Either using system repositories or we can use pip (python package manager) or we can also use an official script for installation.
1722	Eiza's red-tinged brunette tresses tumbled freely across her shoulders and she accessorized with a slender gold necklace and a simple bracelet.
1723	Eliminate chlorine discoloration from hair by dissolving eight tablets in a glass of water and rubbing into your hair.
1724	Ella Yeadon of Skegness Natureland said it was very long journey into the back garden for such a small seal pup which weighs just 12kg.
1725	Elsewhere in the county, you can visit The Lord Keeper of the Great Seal in The Parade, Oadby, The Sugar Loaf in High Street, Market Harborough, The Kettleby Cross in Wilton Road, Melton Mowbray, The William Wygston in Leicester Road, Wigston and The Monkey Walk in Marlborough Square, Coalville.
1726	Elsewhere, The High Cross in Leicester city centre, The Lord Keeper of the Great Seal in The Parade, Oadby, The Sugar Loaf in High Street, Market Harborough, The William Wygston in Leicester Road, Wigston, and The Monkey Walk, in Marlborough Square, Coalville, were each awarded a platinum rating.
1727	Elsewhere, a small black-and-white "Z" roundel sits on the upper flank of the rear quarter panels, and "Fairlady Z" is spelled out on the rear decklid in classical cursive script.
1728	Elsewhere, animated Fox granddaddy "The Simpsons," the longest running scripted series in the history of television, has been renewed for seasons 31 and 32 (taking it through at least spring 2021).
1729	Emblazoned on the Great Seal of the State of California is a Greek goddess in Roman form – Romans called her Minerva but she’s more famously known from Greek mythology as Athena.
1730	Emblazoned on the Great Seal of the United States is ‘E Pluribus Unum’ that translates to ‘One out of Many’, symbolising the union of 13 colonies into a single nation.
1731	Emerson was in turn extending the racialist mythologies of Thomas Jefferson, who tried to install the mythical leaders of the Saxon kingdom, Hengist and Horsa, on the Great Seal of the United States.
1732	Emma, a personal trainer, showed a thigh tattoo with two lines of cursive script right below the hem of her shorts.
1733	Employees of the new federal courthouse of Thomas Eagleton unveil the Great Seal of the United States at a ceremony on September 23, 1999.
1734	Employees usually wear light blue button-down work shirts with their name stitched in a powder blue cursive script, but Fridays are a more casual uniform day, and most employees are sporting red Wilson t-shirts, or Ohio State Buckeyes jerseys.
1735	Ender’s name was written in cursive script and multi-colored letters over a light-up rainbow in the room.
1736	English text states “Chinese Lunar Calendar” and “Year of the Rabbit 2023” next to Chinese calligraphy at both sides of the top of the selvage.
1737	English text states “Chinese Lunar Calendar” and “Year of the Tiger 2022” next to Chinese calligraphy at both sides of the top of the selvage.
1738	Engraved with the royal coat of arms and the obverse with the great seal of George I, it is struck with marks for Dublin 1727 but carries no maker’s mark.
1739	Enjoy an afternoon of mooncakes, games, activities like Chinese calligraphy, lantern making, and Tai Chi for kids.
1740	Enova Cosmetics Gel Polish comes in a drip-proof tube with a brush tip applicator.
1741	Enter Hieratic, a simplified cursive script based on Egyptian hieroglyphics.
1742	Entertainment includes stilt walkers, karaoke and Chinese calligraphy.
1743	Epilogue examines West’s primarily monochrome work in black, white, grey and caramel tones in which oil is applied thickly with brushes of varying widths, a palette knife, and perhaps even straight from the tube, as in White Writing (1966), where peaked deposits suggest the tube was held momentarily at the end of several downward strokes.
1744	Epoxy primer makes for a great sealer, but others work well too.
1745	Eppu for Horde players is located at coordinates (X:68, Y:33) inside the Great Seal of Dazar’alor.
1746	Equally meaningful is the banner below the Great Seal, “Novo Ordo Seclorum,” a Latin sentence meaning “The New Order of Centuries” –the new eternal order of the world.
1747	Equally, the font in the letter is not our official style.
1748	Equipped with a measuring cup and a brush tip, it ensures all of your clothing needs will be resolved.
1749	Equipped with a unique blending brush tip, the Tarte Clay Paint liner can really have you define your eyes like a pro!
1750	Erecting a new monolith in the halls of doom metal history with their fifth album The Great Seal, Spiritus Mortis certify true classic status as one of the scene’s modern greats.
1751	Erecting a new monolith in the halls of doom metal history with their fifth album, The Great Seal, Spiritus Mortis certify true classic status as one of the scene’s modern greats.
1752	Eric Jones, Co-Director of the Mayo Clinic Health System Event Center recalled hundreds of pages of entertainment requests from Painter that would be “painstakingly written out in his beautiful cursive script,” as Jones described.
1753	Established in 2011 by descendants of a famous calligrapher, Wang Xizhi, FFC started as a family wealth management house.
1754	Ethical values not only would inform future platforms but also be a guide for Americans to come together in the spirit of E Pluribus Unum (“Out of Many, One”), conceived in 1776 as the motto of our first Great Seal and a reminder of what it really means to be American.
1755	Euclid Ave, presents Lunar New Year: Blossoms of Spring exhibit showcasing Chinese calligraphy and brush painting of the multiethnic group Sea of Ink Society in honor of the Lunar New Year, a celebration of life.
1756	Even Pegasus, suggesting the notion of sleeping on the broad back of a flying white horse, might be attractive to those who wish to dream expansively.
1757	Even a show of Ming Dynasty art, like the Chen Hongshou exhibition, had a resonance in the present.
1758	Even ancient Chinese calligraphers Huai Su and Yan Zhenqing prized the fractality of summer clouds, cracks in a wall and water stains in a leaking house in 722.
1759	Even as the rest of Europe’s monarchies toppled and dynastic marriage fell away—Philip was technically born a Greek prince, but they lost the throne when he was a child, leaving his family adrift across the continent—royal parenting still hewed to very formal scripts, even as the approach fell out of fashion more broadly.
1760	Even before the story was published, USA Today was told that the idea of an eagle -- a common symbol of America since the Great Seal of the United States was adopted in 1782 -- being rooted in Nazism was absurd.
1761	Even before the story was published, USA Today was told that the idea of an eagle — a common symbol of America since the Great Seal of the United States was adopted in 1782 — being rooted in Nazism was absurd.
1762	Even for the latter, it was never the same, because it was shown that there were a large number of Cubans willing to leave everything behind and face repudiation rallies in order not to follow the official script.
1763	Even if the name seems unfamiliar, you know the Great Seal of the United States because you've likely seen it before.
1764	Even in Missouri, the motto emblazoned on the Great Seal — Salus Populi Suprema Lex Esto, "Let the welfare of the people be the supreme law" — apparently has not been adequately explained to our attorney general who frantically sues any local municipality or school struggling to protect the individuals committed to their care.
1765	Even the British learnt it and used it as the official script of documentation.
1766	Even the US federal seal called “the Great Seal” is inscribed with “a Novus ordo seclorum”, a slogan borrowed from Aeneid which means “a new order for all periods”.
1767	Even the United States of America has its own “great seal,” but also the beloved stars and stripes.
1768	Even the downward stroke playing style was started by enslaved Africans.
1769	Even the non-chamber models that come with two nozzles can be a bother because you have to place each package over each nozzle individually and arrange them properly for great sealing.
1770	Even though I do a good amount of calligraphy work, I don’t fully advertise that it is something I do.
1771	Even though the olive is not native to the Americas, the olive branch was and is such an important symbol throughout Western Civilization that it appears on the Great Seal of the United States, as well as on many classic and modern American coins.
1772	Even though the phrase was on the Great Seal and on coins, it remained unofficially the motto of the U.S. It wasn’t until 1956 that Congress made “In God We Trust” the country’ official motto, which you can spot on American currency, including the heads side of coins.
1773	Even tissue boxes are printed with inspiring quotes, such as: “You were born an original work of art.” Art she’s painted herself, of white horses and cats and blue skies, and beautiful Chinese calligraphy by her own hand are placed sporadically around her office.
1774	Even today the flag bears the Great Seal of the Muscogee Nation I.T., which means Indian Territory.
1775	Even very small sealing gaskets can easily be made by only requiring one component.
1776	Evenly sized cut pieces of ivories for making 'hanko' or carved name seals are seen at a factory in Tokyo, Japan November 28, 2016.
1777	Events are already under way, so if you fancy trying your hand at Chinese calligraphy or taking part in a tea ceremony, the capital is the place to be.
1778	Events are set to include a Chinese calligraphy writing stall, a children's water painting workshop, a lion dance performance, martial arts and traditional dance performances, craft workshops, storytelling and fundraising stalls selling Chinese New Year goods.
1779	Eventually, Anurag told Rajkummar that he was beginning writing the formal script for the film.
1780	Eventually, Lynch learned that the coat of arms became known as the Great Seal of the United States.
1781	Eventually, after a small attack by Abstergo, Layla and her team successfully unlock the Great Seal to Atlantis and inside find a holographic Aletheia, who explains that in the past she had helped Kassandra explore simulations of Atlantis, to help Kassandra learn how to wield the magical staff.
1782	Ever since Congress affixed the bald eagle on the Great Seal of the United States in 1782, the white-headed raptor has falsely basked in the position of national bird.
1783	Ever since Florida resumed executing prison inmates, TCADP or a predecessor has held a post-execution prayer vigil for the condemned and their victims around the Great Seal of the State of Florida at the Capitol’s front door.
1784	Everly Hoey, 4, of Veradale, used bold, broad vertical strokes, offering sporty stripes.
1785	Every Friday, Saturday, and Sunday night, L.A. Zoo Lights will also showcase cultural performances—including kung fu and acrobatics, fan dancing, dragon parades, and Chinese calligraphy demos—while Asian food trucks serve up delicious bites.
1786	Every aspect of their design has been considered from an ergonomic standpoint to make sure that they sit in your ear really easily and nicely, while still giving a great seal for better audio.
1787	Every time I throw up he is with me rubbing my back… he makes me finish my bottle of water… He had happy tears during our first scan…He gets me Tissues when I cry watching ‘Aniyathipraavu’ for the 100th time… he reminds me to have my tablets on time.
1788	Every year Ascot issues an updated official style guide that takes into account key trends and changes in fashion.
1789	Everyone is invited to come along and have their face painted, marvel at the Chinese dragon and lion performances, take part in an authentic Chinese tea ceremony, try out Chinese calligraphy, and share their hopes for the Year of the Rat with the Wishing Tree.
1790	Everyone who knew Tien remembers the Chinese calligraphy of the word “weiji” that he had on the wall of his office.
1791	Everyone's favorite family is back for the 31st season of the longest running scripted primetime show in television history, "The Simpsons." Now available on Disney+, the 22-episode season brings viewers back to Springfield for a fresh batch of episodes to binge alongside the service's comprehensive set of every season available since the show first premiered in 1989.
1792	Everyone’s favourite family is back for the 31st season of the longest running scripted primetime show in television history, The Simpsons.
1793	Everything comes with a small sealed envelope of currency notes.
1794	Evidence found there during excavations from 1980 to 1993, including tablets in the foundation deposits inscribed with the names of the pharaoh Amasis, suggests that it was under construction around 530 B.C. The inscriptions on the burial chamber’s walls and the inner and outer sarcophagi are all standard Egyptian texts designed to ensure a smooth transition to the afterlife.
1795	Evidence of the lost city was first found on inscriptions and tablets found at other Ancient Maya excavations.
1796	Examples included a claim the election wasn't legitimate because the formal writs weren't issued with the Great Seal of the Commonwealth and another saying Liberal Party how-to-vote cards were included in materials given to new Australian citizens.
1797	Examples included a claim the election wasn’t legitimate because the formal writs weren’t issued with the Great Seal of the Commonwealth and another saying Liberal Party how-to-vote cards were included in materials given to new Australian citizens.
1798	Examples of new offerings will include Chinese calligraphy, Chinese painting, beginner Mandarin classes, book talk and a course on Chinese culture and business etiquette.
1799	Except for the fact that the bald eagle (seen holding an olive branch) itself symbolizes America, given that it appears on the Great Seal of the United States of America, as it has since 1782.
1800	Executive Branch employees on an after-work softball team once even named themselves the Great Seals, complete with a logo on their jersey featuring the marine mammal balancing the state seal on its nose.
1801	Executive chef Leong Chee Yeng, 54, has added a touch of artistic flair by presenting his yusheng alongside his Chinese calligraphy.
1802	Experience a professional Lion Dance and martial arts performances, take home a piece of Chinese calligraphy and learn to write numbers in Thai, listen to a choir sing traditional melodies, explore our AR cultural expedition and learn how different countries celebrate the holiday.
1803	Experience the newest adventure in the Wizarding World with ‘Fantastic Beasts: The Secrets of Dumbledore’ on Digital Download now and on Blu-ray and DVD on 25th July and to celebrate its release we have two bundles containing a Blu-Ray and the official scriptbook up for grabs.
1804	Experiment with different brush tips.
1805	Experts have explained the research and development process in the global Four Treasures of the Study market to help users understand their working process.
1806	Explore the cultural impact of the NYCSG, an immersive space modeled after traditional Ming Dynasty gardens (1368-1644), featuring a bamboo forest path, waterfalls, a koi-filled pond, Chinese calligraphy, and a variety of Ghongshi scholars rocks, creating the first authentic outdoor classical scholars garden in the United States.
1807	Exploring painting as performance, Chang uses elements from traditional Chinese calligraphy and ink painting combined with Western expressionism in a highly physical manner to create his own aesthetic style.
1808	FBI agents searched Mallory's house, a place with a red banner covered in Chinese calligraphy that hung alongside the front door, his yard and, according to neighbours, a bridle path where he used to go on runs.
1809	FBI agents searched Mallory’s house, a place with a red banner covered in Chinese calligraphy that hung alongside the front door, his yard and, according to neighbours, a bridle path where he used to go on runs.
1810	FEATURES + BENEFITS A fine, flexible brush tip for precise application Carefully crafted after an illustration pen Ultra-black, fast-drying ink Water-resistant and smudge-proof Perfect for the beauty beginner Cruelty-free & Vegan USAGE Shake gently before application.
1811	FILE PHOTO: An anti-government protester holds a flag with Chinese calligraphy that reads "Liberate Hong Kong, the Revolution of Our Times", during a protest at Mong Kok in Hong Kong, China, May 10, 2020.
1812	FILE PHOTO: Evenly sized cut pieces of ivories for making 'hanko' or carved name seals are seen at a factory in Tokyo, Japan November 28, 2016.
1813	FILE PHOTO: Evenly-sized cut pieces of ivory for making 'hanko', or carved name seals, are seen at a factory in Tokyo, Japan November 28, 2016.
1814	FINISHING IT: THE POEM INSCRIBED ON AN ANTI-CANCER PILL I can’t configure a tablet chiselled by God’s finger or forge a scrawled prescription, but here’s an inscription, formed on the small white dot of its own full stop, the sugared pill of a poem, one sentence that speaks ill of illness itself, bullet with cancer’s name carved brazenly on it.
1815	FX plans to launch Simpsons World, the online line home of TV’s longest running scripted show, in October.
1816	Faber-Castell’s Pitt artist pens, which are available in a range of nib sizes and brush tips, are excellent options for manga because they use a fast-drying, waterproof ink that that won’t run once it has dried.
1817	Face masks decorated with "The Great Seal of Nevada" are displayed inside the Legislative Gift Shop on the sixth day of the 31st Special Session of the Nevada Legislature in Carson City, Nev., Tuesday, July 14, 2020.
1818	Facebook Twitter Pinterest Royal approval: Burse for the Great Seal of England, 1558-1603.
1819	Facebook Twitter Pinterest Workers in Beijing share cigarettes near a booth promoting Made in China with Chinese calligraphy for ‘China Trendy’.
1820	Faced with such formidable opposition, John backed down and reluctantly affixed his Great Seal to the document.
1821	Facial oil can be a great sealant over a layer of moisturiser to keep the moisture retained.
1822	Factors that played a part in ABC’s decision to cancel the series — which was the second-longest currently running scripted show on the network behind Grey’s Anatomy — was a combination of declining ratings, rising licensing costs and ABC not owning the series outright.
1823	Fall in love with its rich, highly pigmented black shade and precision brush tip for an all-day finish.
1824	Families gathered to watch a festive Lion Dance outdoors, while volunteers hosted a Chinese calligraphy class and other arts and crafts events inside Montclair Art Museum.
1825	Family programming will be offered all day long and will include puppet shows, trivia games, Chinese calligraphy, crafts, and traditional story times.
1826	Famous Chinese calligrapher and poet Zhang Xu had a quirky habit of scribbling with rough strokes, heavily drunken.
1827	Fan gave a speech at the time exploring the arts of Rembrandt, one of the greatest Western painters, and Bada Shanren, a Chinese master of the late Ming (1368-1644) and early Qing (1644-1911) dynasties who was skillful in painting, calligraphy and poetry.
1828	Fan of tiny tattoos, Hailey Bieber even has two small neck tattoos, a tiny cross on the left side of her neck and the word "lover" in a cursive script.
1829	Fan, who lost both arms in an accident at the age of three, has earned respect and received support after sharing videos online demonstrating how he uses his feet to cook, farm, write Chinese calligraphy, and even sew garments.
1830	Fancheng, who painted and mastered Chinese calligraphy as well, had translated several Indian literary, philosophical and religious texts into Mandarin.
1831	Fang has a passion for traditional Chinese culture and the idea to start a Chinese calligraphy class started when she wanted to share that passion with her young daughter, Cindy.
1832	Fanny Kemble, a famous actress, was awestruck: “You can’t imagine how strange it seemed to be, journeying on thus without any visible cause of progress other than the magical machine, with its flying white breath and rhythmical, unvarying pace”.
1833	Fans suggest rubbing the tablet or powder directly onto the glass door with a scourer, adding a little water as you go.
1834	Farsad and a team of collaborators designed a tabletop experiment with a sensor at one end and a spray bottle of rubbing alcohol at the other.
1835	Fashion designer, TV presenter, and all-round Irish style icon, Darren Kennedy, has just launched his second Darren Kennedy Recommends eyewear collection, with Specsavers, and continues his partnership as the brand’s official style ambassador.
1836	Fast forward to the founding of the United States, and it ended up on the back end of the Great Seal on top of a pyramid… why?
1837	Fast-forward to the founding of the United States, and it ended up on the back end of the Great Seal on top of a pyramid.
1838	Father said it was not sufficient to study only Chinese characters to learn the language but it was important to practise Chinese calligraphy.
1839	Fattori points out that the reduced contact area also results in greater sealing pressure for the same nozzle touch force, preventing carriage blowback and nozzle leakage.
1840	Featured in the center of the 1936 16¢ airmail special delivery stamp is the Great Seal of the United States.
1841	Features to look out for on the engine mounting-plate are a pair of cut-outs that match up with the crankshaft beneath the engine, to provide room for the downward strokes of the pistons.
1842	Featuring a long, fine brush tip, this innovative eyeliner imparts pure black to the lash line, adding the finishing touch to any look perfectly.
1843	Featuring a slender and flexible brush tip, this black liquid eyeliner lets you draw intensely pigmented lines with fluid precision.
1844	Featuring a slender and flexible brush tip, this fluid eyeliner also lets you achieve a defined and smooth satin finish.
1845	Featuring a slender and flexible brush tip, this precise liquid eye liner lets you achieve a defined and smooth satin finish.
1846	Featuring a thin wood handle, this paint brush is designed for use with acrylics and watercolors and offers a premium gold taklon round brush tip for creating broad lines, stroke work, and calligraphy.
1847	Featuring gold foil and cursive script with a floral design swirling around the words “thank you” and background colors of blue-gray, purple, muted green and soft maroon, the stamps can be purchased in books of 20 at U.S. Post Offices and online at usps.com.
1848	Featuring sayings about happiness, love, and life written in an elegant cursive script, this block stamp has a refined, traditional look.
1849	Featuring the Great Seal of the United States, the stamps were printed in two separate runs through the press: one for the red frame and one for the blue vignette.
1850	Federal building design has been guided for 50 years from a set of principles that called for dignified buildings that represent the “stability of the American government,” but which warn against an official style.
1851	Feige added that only broad strokes were completed for the Spidey sequel, and formal scripting will come later.
1852	Felt tips are easy to apply (perfect if you’re a newbie — they’re like using a pen), while brush tips let you create both ultra-thin and thick lines, but may require some practice.
1853	Festival goers are also encouraged to come and have their photo taken on the runway with the Official style exhibit backdrop designed by Barnet Fair and Petit Jardin en Ville.
1854	Festivities also include Chinese calligraphy and knot tying, traditional Chinese music, Mahjong, and presentations about the Chinese in Lahaina and Dr. Sun Yat-Sen.
1855	Festivities also include Chinese calligraphy and knot-tying for keiki and adults, traditional Chinese music, mahjong and presentations about the Chinese in Lahaina and Dr. Sun Yat-Sen.
1856	Fewer inscriptions are found on clay tablets, pottery and metal objects.With an average of just 4 or 5 signs, the brevity of most inscriptions poses a challenge for decipherment efforts.
1857	Fifteen years later, the show ended as one of the longest running scripted dramas ever and a massive and loyal fan base.
1858	File away the excess using light downward strokes.
1859	Fill a bowl with lukewarm water and a squirt of shampoo and gently swirl your brush tip in the water.
1860	Filled with quick-drying alcohol-based ink, Blick’s illustration markers feature a a chisel-point tip at one end and a brush tip at the other.
1861	Filling the cylinders starts with the downward stroke of the pistons.
1862	Film properties include a high outside/inside sealing differential, low seal initiation temperature and great seal integrity.
1863	Finally, Four Treasures of the Study Market report is the believable source for gaining the Market research that will exponentially accelerate your business.
1864	Finally, I hope every candidate will commit to finding the Great Seal of Louisiana.
1865	Finally, a short inscription scrawled in Ionic letters has been found among the Fortification tablets.
1866	Finally, dab your brush on a clean rag gently and reshape the brush tip so it doesn’t lose shape while drying.
1867	Finally, file off the excess length using downward strokes.
1868	Finally, it's sealed with the Great Seal of the Realm, which is attached to the foot of the document.
1869	Finally, press on the rest with single horizontal strokes.
1870	Finally, the official script began to be written in October 2020 with Tony Kushner, who mentioned that they finished it in two months.
1871	Finally, when it came to claims that election writs issued by the Attorney-General were invalid because they lacked the Great Seal, the AEC patiently pointed out that the seal was not a legal requirement for the writs.
1872	Finally, you’ll need to complete the quest series starting from A Royal Occasion, which requires you to meet the Zandalari emissary at The Great Seal in Dazar’alor.
1873	Finding a Sanitizer bypass is a hunt for Mutated XSS (mXSS) bugs in Firefox – Unless you find an element in our allow-list that has recently become capable of running script.
1874	Fine art of letters: Qianshen Bai, professor, and dean of the school of art and archeology at Zhejiang University, will explore questions on Chinese calligraphy from 7:30 to 9 p.m. Thursday, Sept.
1875	Finish Quantum Dishwasher Detergent Tablets With these Finish detergent pods, you can skip the pre-rinse before you pack the dishwasher because they have three chambers that include powder for scrubbing, gel for cutting grease, and “liquid powerball” to give your glasses and dishes a clean shine.
1876	Finishing It, by Simon Armitage I can’t configure a tablet chiselled by God’s finger or forge a scrawled prescription, but here’s an inscription, formed on the small white dot of its own full stop, the sugared pill of a poem, one sentence that speaks ill of illness itself, bullet with cancer’s name carved brazenly on it.
1877	First Lady Fran DeWine made a stop at the Great Seal State Park in Chillicothe on Friday.
1878	First Minister Humza Yousaf was in attendance in his capacity as the Keeper of the Great Seal of Scotland.
1879	First face mask doesn't work because of voice too small the second one doesn't have a great seal are you thinking maybe we need to postpone this.
1880	First, Gabi applied the concealer with the brush tip it came with.
1881	First, I must note she is the lead cast member as Olivia Benson of Law & Order: Special Victims Unit, now in its twenty-fourth season, the longest running scripted series currently on television.
1882	First, ensure that PowerShell’s execution policy allows running scripts (see the above section).
1883	First, she got participants to master the eight brushstrokes in standard Kanji script, including the dot stroke, vertical stroke and horizontal stroke.
1884	First, she paints the window in horizontal strokes and then diagonally.
1885	First, there are tons of brush tips to choose from, and you can even create your own brush tips like the ‘tarantula brush’ here.
1886	First, wash your fingers for a minimum of 20 seconds, then, holding the ties or ear loops, put the masks in your face and guarantee a great seal across the nostril bridge, cheeks, chin, and sides of your face.
1887	First, we need to activate the official script that will help us add the official repository for Node.js on our Ubuntu 18.04 machine.
1888	First-grade pupils display their Chinese calligraphy of "Ren" (human) during a writing ceremony held to celebrate the opening of a new semester in Guangzhou, south China's Guangdong Province, Aug.
1889	First-grade pupils display their Chinese calligraphy of "Ren" (human) during the first writing ceremony of a new semester at Fuzimiao, or the Confucius Temple in Nanjing, east Chinas Jiangsu Province, Aug.
1890	Fit and comfort will vary from person to person, but Artem and I both get great seal and decent noise isolation with these.
1891	Fizzy cleaning tablets that require zero scrubbing?
1892	Flanking the entrance to the Department of Motor Vehicles in Lebanon are the two images of the Great Seal of the Commonwealth of Virginia.
1893	Flat/paddle foundation brush: Use downward strokes to blend with this brush that’s best for dry skin or large pores.
1894	Flexible brush tips make for effortless painting and calligraphy.
1895	Florida’s original flag, adopted in 1868, was plain white with the state seal depicting an indigenous woman, a colonial ship, tropical flora and the words "In God we trust." In 1887 the seal was superimposed over the red saltire, with the words "Great Seal of the State of Florida" added.
1896	Flow – controls the rate of flow of the brush.
1897	Flying white is a rare and extraordinary form of Chinese calligraphy that jumps and leaps on the paper surface in graceful beautiful strokes, the black ink revealing a white background.
1898	Focusing on colors and shapes and and incorporating line work and cursive script with more 70’s influence.
1899	Follow us on Image Source : REPRESENTATIONAL In the 1880s, Kaithi was recognised by the British Raj as the official script of the courts of Bihar.
1900	Followed by that, Lynsey put her white dish cloth and scrubbing brush in boiling hot water along with Steradent Denture Cleaning Tablets.
1901	Following cursive script on lined paper and tinkling piano, Justice (Janet Jackson) recites “Alone.” In a sticker-covered notebook, a yellow flower marks the poet and hair stylist’s page.
1902	Following retirement, some of Seung Li’s favorite activities included playing mahjong and practicing Chinese calligraphy, his sons said.
1903	Following that, the stage of creating, testing, and running scripts.
1904	Following the "Chinese Zither" and "Chess", the "Calligraphy" collection works Chinese calligraphy into clothing designs.
1905	Following the competition, the students also had the opportunity to learn Chinese calligraphy with a brush and participate in a quiz covering various aspects of Chinese history, culture, and geography.
1906	Following the confirmation, most of the lead cast members will be attending the official script reading session for the second season of the show, scheduled to take place on June 12.
1907	Following their wedding last month, the 23-year-old decided to tattoo his vows in black cursive script down his entire upper arm.
1908	Fong Sheeney discovered her love for Chinese calligraphy at the age of seven, and over the years, her burgeoning passion continues to flourish.
1909	Fong discovered her love for Chinese calligraphy at the age of seven.
1910	FoodSaver handheld vacuum sealers work best for small sealing jobs.
1911	Footage showed him behind Mr Knox when he raised the knife and launched the attack with swift downward strokes, before attacking Ms Charlton.
1912	Footage shows a long line of green Humvees and armored fighting vehicles drove in single file along a highway outside Kandahar, the spiritual birthplace of the movement, many flying white-and-black Taliban flags.
1913	For 13 years in a row, more than 10 retired professors of Shaanxi Normal University have been writing acceptance letters in Chinese calligraphy for its freshmen.
1914	For 3D inspiration, see our favourite 3D art, and to keep on top of your workflow in ZBrush, see these ZBrush tips.
1915	For Betto it is very easy to blame all the ills of the Cuban agricultural sector on dependence on foreign oil, climatic catastrophes, or the blockade, following the official script, even citing the lack of containers, which are unloaded in other countries and then the products are transported to the island, which makes them more expensive.
1916	For Chinese learners, Chinese calligraphy is both an art form to appreciate and handwriting styles to practice.
1917	For Chinese readers, it is presented with vertical printing and Chinese calligraphy, because in the West, calligraphy represents the highest level of Chinese visual expression.
1918	For Donne, however, it was a productive venture: in his time at sea he forged a valuable connection with a fellow well-educated privateer, the son of Thomas Egerton, Lord Keeper of the Great Seal.
1919	For Fluidity 11, 12, and 13 (all works cited 2023), he applies a glossy yellow engineering ink in broad vertical strokes on aluminum panels.
1920	For a good lather, you can also massage each brush tip in the palm of your hand.
1921	For a nation that still features e pluribus unum (out of many, one) on its Great Seal, the message of those polices that the only true Americans are white Christians who stand for the national anthem is a vicious poison poured directly on our nation’s delicate roots.
1922	For a softer edge, use the brush in a downward stroke.
1923	For a successful cut, a player must press a button combination — one button for each shaft — during Jin’s downward stroke.
1924	For a successful cut, a player must press a button combination—one button for each shaft—during Jin’s downward stroke.
1925	For a while now, Walton has tweeted pictures of herself with her on-screen “boys,” so many viewers were aware she’d be back in upcoming episodes, but it is still nice to see it on an official script too.
1926	For a while, I was getting a message on it reading, "Not responding due to long running script." I called everyone for help — my ISP, the manufacturer, a local tech.
1927	For advanced techniques, the supplied water pens can be gently squeezed humidify the brush tip and release the water.
1928	For after all, we are at an inalienable and sacred level one, as is inscribed magnificently on the Great Seal of the United States: E pluribus unum.
1929	For beginners, Deem recommends regular printer paper and small brush tip pens like the Tombow Fudenosuke hard tip calligraphy pen.
1930	For both methods, Jenny’s tip is to use downward strokes so the hairs on your face lie flat.
1931	For children there is some data that suggest with the Atopic March that what is happening - and there are a lot of factors to this - but with eczema your skin barrier is compromised so your skin is not the great seal of protection that it needs to be because you are getting cracks and with all the itching you are causing trauma to your skin.
1932	For comprehensive understanding of market dynamics, the global Four Treasures of the Study Market is analyzed across key geographies namely: United States, China, Europe, Japan, South-east Asia, India and others.
1933	For contributions of $25 or more, backers will receive a signed copy of the official script from the film.
1934	For deep cleaning the toilet, Birges recommends dropping in three denture tablets and then scrubbing the inside of the toilet bowl with a toilet brush and some toothpaste.
1935	For effortless application, try this liquid eyeliner, which delivers rich black pigment smoothly thanks to its calligraphy-inspired brush tip.
1936	For example, a mural showing Ohio’s great seal, beneath an eagle and surrounded by U.S. flags will be on display.
1937	For example, a traditional cursive script in calligraphy called “choseo” looks nothing like the original Hanja characters.
1938	For example, a waterfall will have downward strokes following the water movement.
1939	For example, almost all the horizontal strokes in clerical-script calligraphy are more than just one single flat stroke.
1940	For example, colophons on Chinese calligraphy and paintings along with gem bindings of precious Western books are all examples to express affinity in an artwork using another medium.
1941	For example, do you know what the motto on the Great Seal of the United States says?
1942	For example, in Chinese calligraphy the “sun” stands for itself but it also has several other meanings such as “the day” or “daytime.” As well, it is the yang of yin and yang (like night and day) and oddly, in contemporary internet slang, as an interjection that translates as a four-letter profanity.
1943	For example, in the painting of the Great Seal of Knighthood, humanity joins together in the form of a circle around God’s triangle in the Great Seal.
1944	For example, it improves the alpha-mask PNG brush tips, adds support for loading the thumbnails for MYB mypaint brushes in a bundle, and fixes performance issues in the Magnetic Selection tool and textured brushes.
1945	For example, so-called “wonton” or “chop-suey” fonts, whose visual style is thought to express “Asianness” or to suggest Chinese calligraphy, have long appeared on food cartons, signs, campaign websites, and even Abercrombie & Fitch T-shirts with racist caricatures of Asians (http://bkaprt.com/ccd/05-03/).
1946	For example, the Continental Congress in 1782 put on the Great Seal of the United States the inscription Annuit Coeptis, meaning he (God) has favored our undertakings.
1947	For example, the Freer has a scroll — Sheep And Goat by Zhao Mengfu — that's estimated to be worth $100 million, if it were ever sold, according to Arnold Chang, a specialist who directed the Chinese painting department at Sotheby's for more than a decade.
1948	For example, the Great Seal of the United States, created in 1782, includes the Latin words, novus ordo seclorum, “new order for the ages.” That is, the Founders believed America should and would set the standard, a high bar, for the future.
1949	For example, the fourth letter of the Ogham alphabet, four right-side downward strokes, came to be associated with saille, the Irish for willow (Latin salix, English salley or sallow).
1950	For example, the great seal of the United States there is an eagle holding an olive branch – symbolizing the power of peace.
1951	For example, the metallocene is a linear low-density polyethylene that offers greater seal integrity and robust performance, the new oxygen and moisture-barrier resins are autoclave sterilization compatible, and the new polymer chemistries offer improved thermoformability performance in both speed and quality.
1952	For example, the metallocene is a linear low-density polyethylene that offers greater seal integrity and robust performance.
1953	For example, the name Justin (@Imnttechofficial comments that many people have requested that particular name) is quickly changed to a cursive script that reads “pastime.” It’s pretty and simple, perfect for those especially who love their hobbies.
1954	For example, there is the unprecedented find of an early work by the iconic Tang Dynasty calligraphy master Yan Zhenqing, which was a woman's epigraph carved on her tombstone on the outskirts of Xi'an.
1955	For example, these Clorox bleach tablets ($9, Amazon) work with every flush to sanitize the bowl, prevent stains, and reduce the need for scrubbing.
1956	For example, with Surface Dial, artists can change the color or the size of their brush tip as they paint without ever moving the pen away from the screen.
1957	For example, you will dry brush using upwards strokes on the legs yet you will use downward strokes when you go from the base of the neck towards the heart.
1958	For extra definition, use longer, horizontal strokes along the base of your brow.
1959	For getting a deeper understanding of the emerging trends, the Global Four Treasures of the Study Market report showcases various factors that drive the economy worldwide.
1960	For her caption, she wrote “angel energy,” adding a flying white bird emoji.
1961	For her mother, the queen penned her goodbye message on the same Buckingham Palace stationery bearing the Great Seal of the Realm as Charles did for her Monday funeral procession.
1962	For hours last month she turned the pages of a huge ledger, squinting in the fluorescent glare at the faded cursive script, puzzling over archaic spellings.
1963	For hours straight, cameras were pointed on the Great Seal of the State of Florida while prosecutors and defense attorneys, off-screen and privately interviewed prospective jurors one by one.
1964	For instance, a bird calligram displayed in the museum's Islamic Art Gallery was created by a Chinese Muslim calligraphy artist who mixed Arabic phrases and Chinese calligraphy techniques to create his masterpiece.
1965	For instance, a black-tie affair would probably warrant a formal script or elegant serif, whereas a backyard wedding might be best represented by a handwritten font or a fun sans serif.
1966	For instance, a red door carved with floral patterns and Chinese calligraphy on one side and with an archaic bus station board was surrounded by visitors.
1967	For instance, a red door carved with floral patterns and Chinese calligraphy on one side and with an archaistic bus station board was surrounded by visitors.
1968	For instance, his "bug" was mounted in the Great Seal of the U.S. which the USSR presented to the American ambassador.
1969	For instance, under the title A to Z of PPE is the image of a mask merged with inscriptions on silver tablet strips.
1970	For instance, when the player encounters Baron Lorenz early in the game, he speaks in cursive script as Andreas perceives him as a wealthy man who presumably knows how to read and write.
1971	For instance, you may have the perfect setup on your laptop, but working from home on a slower connection now seems like a pain when running scripts across your corporate VPN.
1972	For its Stateside debut this past March, the brand released 13 rainbow-bright shades of liquid eyeliner, with an artisan-made brush tip from a centuries-old factory in the Kumano region of Japan—all at an accessible price of $16 each.
1973	For just $25, you get two fine-tips styluses, two disc-tips styluses, and an attachable brush tip.
1974	For many centuries, the ring would be destroyed when the owner passed, and because they were worn by noblemen, they weren’t copied and were considered very valuable, hence their name “signet” which is translated to mean “a small seal employed for formal or official purpose”.
1975	For many scripters, FileManager provides a crucial suite of functions, and is one example where Scriptarian remains sufficiently incomplete to be of little use for actually writing and running scripts.
1976	For me, Dong Qichang was China’s Czanne.
1977	For me, it was a return to the disability arts scene after more than a decade of being away, as I was previously a child artist with ART:DIS specializing in traditional Chinese calligraphy and contemporary Chinese painting.
1978	For one, rather than giving the 300W amp a hard time by playing the output via a savage lifting EQ curve, that strains the amp in order to get it to play way below the natural resonance of the small sealed box system, it uses a 12dB-per-octave cut to the bass above the lowest frequency it'll play to, so that it sounds unstressed and melodic when playing down at 25Hz.
1979	For optional chocolate drizzle, place chocolate chips in small sealable plastic bag and seal.
1980	For over 3,000 years Calligraphy has been a treasured art form in China With brush, black ink, and paper, Chinese calligraphy expresses the essence of life and spirit and is a practice for cultivating the life force of energy (qi), well-being and happiness.
1981	For practitioners of Chinese calligraphy and painting, traditional rice paper (also known as xuan paper) is the preferred choice.
1982	For precision and staying power, go with a liquid eyeliner such as NYX Epic Wear Liquid Eyeliner (Buy It, $10, ulta.com) in white, a waterproof formula with a brush tip applicator.
1983	For reading Chinese on high resolution and multi devices, and the horizontal strokes of Chinese Ming fonts used on existed devices are normally too thin that there must be new designed types to fulfill the use on new hardware.
1984	For sixty years, he has been tirelessly exploring within the great tradition of Chinese calligraphy and constantly searching for inspirations across the grand horizon of world art.
1985	For something a little more inspiring, Chinese calligraphy with quotes by Xi and a faux-ink portrait of the man are also widely available.
1986	For stubborn marks, just keep rubbing the tablet over the surface and they’ll eventually lift and come off.
1987	For tablets, cell phones, keyboards and screens, a microfiber cloth with a 50/50 water and rubbing alcohol (70%+) solution is safe.
1988	For that we can lower either the Opacity or the Flow of the brush and it often seems confusing for beginners which one to adjust for a better result.
1989	For the Reverse, Barber adapted the Great Seal of the United States.
1990	For the best scrubbing action and results, use the flat bottom of the tablet in circular motions.
1991	For the design, I knew I wanted a word or a phrase in cursive script.
1992	For the exhibition "Zeng Fanzhi/Van Gogh" which runs until February 25, the Chinese artist has recreated six masterpieces by the Dutch master, adding his own distinctive brushstrokes, and even imbuing the new works with Chinese calligraphy and handwriting.
1993	For the exhibition, calligrapher Luo Hengguang wrote a cursive script version of this poem.
1994	For the first few months, Abiy’s military campaign was largely popular in Ethiopia, as people accepted the official script, relished the humbling of the Tigrayans, expecting a return to peace and the reform agenda.
1995	For the goal of establishing unity, consider the familiar Latin phrase “E Pluribus Unum” (Out of Many, One), which Congress formally accepted in 1782 for the Great Seal of America.
1996	For the past six years, Dr Hue and Prof Dean have been pounding the streets to document inscriptions carved on stone and wooden tablets across 63 Buddhist and Taoist temples, clans and guild houses.
1997	For the quarter and the half dollar, the director wanted an adaptation of the Heraldic Eagle from the Great Seal of the United States.
1998	For the reverse, Barber adapted the Great Seal of the United States.
1999	For the rules in detail, check out the official style guide.
2000	For the series, Chinese calligraphy artist and painter, Chui Pui-chee specifically produced a new work inspired by the theme.
2001	For the short-term, you can make do with a minimum viable analytics stack, gathering data through Google Analytics reports or by running scripts on a MySQL database.
2002	For the social media shot, EmRata added a bit of bling to her bedroom photo, including a gold necklace with “Colombo,” the name of her trusty German Shepard, spelled out in gold, cursive script.
2003	For this reason, brush tip markers are considered one of the best for adult coloring books.
2004	For this reason, when shooting Huang Tingjian’s nail fragrance, Shen Yongpeng fixed a small macro light on the micrometer, and took pictures of the translucent nail pieces one by one under the microscope, taking pictures one by one, and the light and shadow The change is only a few tenths of a millimeter each time, and finally the photos are post-processed and synthesized into a video.
2005	For this second technique, try lettering with the brush tip end, then adding water.
2006	For this year’s Gold Rush Salmon Yu Sheng, the chef presents an intricate hand-drawn tiger accompanied by a meticulously crafted auspicious Chinese calligraphy greeting.
2007	For those interested in crafts, there will be Chinese calligraphy to try, paper cutting, balloon twisting and more.
2008	For those who are not new to the droll delights of Moore, this small, fat book with its slender gold ribbon bookmark — “like the psalm book it so stealthily resembles,” according to the passionate and excellent introduction by Lauren Groff — will be a treasure.
2009	For those who want to see the changing colors, Parrott said some of the best places to visit include Alum Creek State Park in Delaware County, Mohican-Memorial State Forest in Ashland County, Great Seal State Park in Ross County and Sycamore State Park in Montgomery County.
2010	For too long, our industry has traded on exclusivity — exclusive listings, exclusive neighborhoods, often promised in hushed tones and cursive script — as a marker of desirability, not shame.
2011	For what it is worth I am sharing the rough notes as best I could glean from the illegible cursive script.
2012	For your tiny bottom lashes, gently coat them with soft downward strokes.
2013	Forget rubbing them on your oven door, as men and women are now using dishwashing tablets to banish stubborn stains from their clothes - with incredible results.
2014	Forget rubbing them on your oven door, as men and women are now using dishwashing tablets to banish stubborn stains from their clothes – with incredible results.
2015	Fortunately, the numerous copies available to us today provide an invaluable opportunity to glimpse the handwriting of China’s “Sage of Calligraphy”, who through timeless verses and heartfelt words conveys the transience of the joys and sorrows of human life, which is, at the same time, but a blink of history’s eyes.
2016	Forwards Tang Jiali and Wang Shanshan, as well as veteran Li Ying, have hit the scoresheet with three goals apiece.
2017	Forwards: Song Duan, Wang Shanshan, Wang Shuang, Li Ying, Li Mengwen, Tang Jiali, Yang Man.
2018	Found in Hong Kong after millions of dollars worth of Chinese calligraphy scrolls were cut in half.
2019	Found “all over the world and in various forms,” these fish-loving fiends grow as “large as small seals.” The report mainly refers to the North American river otter, which was classified as Lutra canadensis when the report was written.
2020	Founded by former salesman Garry Robey, ecogiving.org allows users to purchase “eco-swaps” from its website, such as toothpaste tablets, cleaning tablets, solid soaps, scrubbing brushes and more, and then choose a charity you feel passionate about to donate a portion of the price to and ecogiving.org does the rest.
2021	Founded in 1952 by composer Frank Loesser and orchestrator Don Walker, MTI works directly with musical composers, lyricists and book writers to provide official scripts, musical materials and dynamic theatrical resources to more than 100,000 professional, community and school theatres in the U.S. and in over 150 countries worldwide.
2022	Four Treasures of the Study Manufacturer Market Profile: This section provides a detailed analysis of each market player.
2023	Four Treasures of the Study Market Overview: This area focuses on key research, market pace, serious situation, market drivers, models and problems despite the obviously visible signs.
2024	Four Treasures of the Study Market Production by Regions: The report has information related to imports and travel expenses, revenue, creation, and key players of the respective local markets that is currently being reviewed.
2025	Four Treasures of the Study is an expression used to refer to the brush, ink, paper and ink stone used by scholars in ancient China and other East Asian countries.
2026	Four Treasures of the Study market research coverage: It includes key market segments, information on key manufacturers, the volume of supply in the reporting years, the global Four Treasures of the Study market and research objectives.
2027	Four plays later, Bryce Oliver caught the ball nine yards down field and was sprung to the end zone on a great seal block from Jones to complete a 52-yard catch-and-run TD.
2028	Four score and 158 Thanksgivings ago, the bald eagle became the national symbol for a young country when it landed on the Great Seal of the United States.
2029	Fox News tweeted a link to its story under the headline: “Roy Moore accuser admits she forged part of yearbook inscription attributed to Alabama Senate candidate.” In reality, the woman said she had added notes — including the date and Moore’s then-title as district attorney, “D.A.” — beneath what she says is Moore’s yearbook inscription and signature.
2030	Fox's "The Simpsons" is the longest running scripted series in TV history, with 654 episodes -- and counting.
2031	Frances Kelsey’s carefulness and willingness to stand up to drug company pressure prevented the U.S. from having many children born with small seal-like flippers instead of limbs (phocomelia), as occurred in Europe and Canada, after Thalidomide was released there in 1957, with over-the-counter availability in Germany, to treat morning sickness.
2032	Francois County, Mo., has all the trappings of a normal, classic government seal: A bald eagle pictured across a waving American flag, with a Bible, cross, shovel and pickax all encircled by the text "The Great Seal of St.
2033	Francois County, Mo., has all the trappings of a normal, classic government seal: A bald eagle pictured across a waving American flag, with a Bible, cross, shovel and pickax all encircled by the text "The Great Seal of St.
2034	Francois County, Mo., has all the trappings of a normal, classic government seal: A bald eagle pictured across a waving American flag, with a Bible, cross, shovel and pickaxe all encircled by the text "The Great Seal of St.
2035	Frank Mason Robinson, the bookkeeper for John Pemberton, is credited for creating the name and the iconic cursive script logo of Coca-Cola in 1885.
2036	Franklin actually preferred a biblical scene on the Great Seal, of Moses parting the Red Sea and drowning Pharaoh and his charioteers, but that idea bombed.
2037	Franklin came up with the motto on our beloved country’s great seal: E Pluribus Unum, “out of many, one.” Yet this Founding Father did “own” two slaves, an indelible stain on an otherwise exemplary life.
2038	Franklin stated, “Rebellion to tyrants is obedience to God,” and proposed it for the motto of the Great Seal of the United States.
2039	Franklin’s turkey story also gained popularity in November 1962, when The New Yorker featured a cover illustration by Anatole Kovarsky of the Great Seal of the United States with a turkey in the place of the bald eagle.
2040	Freck LASHROCKET Liner This highly-pigmented liner is designed with a no-dry inkwell is partnered and extra precise (yet slightly flexible) brush tip to allow you to create bold lines for a statement cat-eye or subtle strokes for a simple french flick.
2041	Free arts and crafts including Chinese calligraphy.
2042	Free temporary Chinese tattoo and get your name written in Chinese calligraphy!
2043	French baguettes could soon join Chinese calligraphy, Neapolitan pizza and Belgian beer on a global list of officially recognized cultural treasures.
2044	French baguettes could soon join Chinese calligraphy, Neopolitan pizza and Belgian beer on a global list of officially recognised cultural treasures.
2045	Frequently wiping down the inside of the appliance is the best way to prevent stubborn stains from forming but if it's already too late, you can swap steel-wool scrubbing brushes for a dishwasher tablet.
2046	Friday’s event featured dozens of exhibiting organisations and fun language-learning workshops ranfing from French food-tasting, capoeira - an Afro-Brazilian martial art demonstration - and Chinese calligraphy.
2047	From 1616 to 1625, the house was leased to Sir Francis Bacon, philosopher and statesman, who was at first Attorney General and the year after Lord Keeper of the Great Seal.
2048	From 17 January to 11 February, the Solo Imlek Festival offers residents and foreigners a great variety of attractions such as dance performances, blood donation drives, food stands, fashion shows, exhibits of Chinese calligraphy and more.
2049	From 1965 to 1982 it featured an eagle clutching arrows and olive branch, and a shield, all loosely borrowed from the Great Seal of the United States.
2050	From 2 to 3 p.m., artist Jojo Liu teaches traditional Chinese calligraphy basics, including how to hold a brush, write basic strokes and write strokes while standing.
2051	From Ariana DeBose’s swirling yellow swing dress in West Side Story, to the flying white tailcoats in Hamilton, Tazewell has a personal and sensual feel for clothing that is meant to be danced in.
2052	From Chinese calligraphy to Nepali dances, the New Neighbor Night celebrates the diverse cultures living in West Fargo.
2053	From Friday, people were able to have a go at Chinese calligraphy, play traditional games or try Chinese foods at a Chinese arts workshop at the Haymarket shopping centre.
2054	From June 4- 10, the selection committee will deliberate on the scripts submitted, while on June 15, the first 4 official script entries will be announced.
2055	From Maumee Bay to Geneva to Lake Hope to Great Seal to Hueston Woods, to John Bryan, our State Parks add so much to our quality of life and make Ohio such a great place to live.
2056	From Rabindranath's autobiographical masterpiece, Chhelebelai, we get a depiction of the first glimpse of 10-year-old Kadambari as the new bride with slender gold bangles on her delicate brown hands.
2057	From Sunday to Saturday, New Zealand will host a variety of colorful activities such as learning Chinese language and Chinese Kung fu, enjoying Chinese folk music, experiencing Chinese cuisine, Chinese calligraphy workshops, and Chinese lion dance performances.
2058	From Sunday to Saturday, New Zealand will host a variety of colorful activities such as learning Chinese language and Chinese Kungfu, enjoying Chinese folk music, experiencing Chinese cuisine, Chinese calligraphy workshops, and Chinese lion dance performances.
2059	From a Roaming Lion Dance and noodle pulling to photo booths and Chinese calligraphy, there’s something for the whole family.
2060	From a Tang dynasty romance and a Ming dynasty opera to the masterful Cantonese opera adaptation by Tong Tik-sang, The Legend of the Purple Hairpin and the unrelenting love of its protagonists Li Yi and Huo Xiaoyu have seen countless reiterations.
2061	From a distance, I saw thousands of people lining the Mall with Chinese calligraphy on their large banners.
2062	From an executive suite decorated with framed Chinese calligraphy, the billionaire commands a panoramic view of the Pearl River estuary.
2063	From an insight perspective, this research report has focused on various levels of analysis – industry trends analysis, top players analysis, company profiles, which discuss the basic views on the competitive landscape, emerging and high-growth segments of global Four Treasures of the Study market, and high-growth regions.
2064	From chopping wood to writing delicate Chinese calligraphy, 33-year-old Fan Yutian has shown millions of people on mainland social media that a person without arms can live a full life by using their feet instead.
2065	From exploring Taipei relying solely on the help of local residents to engaging in an aboriginal sports meet to attempting Chinese calligraphy in Tainan, each episode sees the contestants facing a different challenge and the unwelcome prospect of being eliminated at the end.
2066	From humble beginnings as a small seal and hydraulic manufacturer and distributor in Dammam, the firm has grown into a multinational company.
2067	From lucky festive messages to contrasting couplets, the 26-year-old Hongkonger has produced several thousand Chinese calligraphy posters.
2068	From running scripts to controlling smart-home gadgets, we've got a guide on how to be more productive with the help of this device.
2069	From the 1990 season until the end of the 2000 campaign, the Pirates sported a cursive script spelling out the city name on their road uniforms.
2070	From the basic shape and form of letters to cursive script, spacing, and alignment, artists will discover how to btransform simple wordsb, phrases, and quotes into beautiful bworks of hand-lettered artb.
2071	From the beginning of the show, “Chinese elements” has been a selling point: trainees often wear Hanfu, traditional Chinese clothing and perform on stages decorated by traditional Chinese style paintings, folding fans, and Chinese calligraphy.
2072	From the colossal obelisk erected in the capital to commemorate George Washington, to the pyramid on the reverse side of the Great Seal of the United States, the early rulers of America widely used Ancient Egyptian symbols to signify the strength and durability of their young state.
2073	From the handwritten menu in Chinese calligraphy to the ceremony of the soy pudding dessert made from soy milk, the presentation and setting at Yang Ming Spring Vegetarian is one of the most unique experiences you can share with your Valentine.
2074	From the lion dance, tea ceremony, sugar painting, Chinese calligraphy, to dough modeling, these activities are sure to get your guests off their feet and engaged.
2075	From the pagoda's foundation, experts dug out more statues, jade rings, ink slabs and bowls, scriptures and accessories made of amber, agate, crystal, jade and red coral dating back to the Song Dynasty (960-1279).
2076	From there Sanchez began making demos of his score, basing the performances off of detailed descriptions the director gave him before the film even had an official script.
2077	From there you'll open a G-Vial (which comes in your set) and squeeze the gel onto the attached brush tip to apply a thin layer on your top and bottom teeth (front only).
2078	From there you’ll open a G-Vial (which comes in your set) and squeeze the gel onto the attached brush tip to apply a thin layer on your top and bottom teeth (front only).
2079	From umbrellas and Chinese calligraphy, to gas masks and helmets, people are getting their bodies inked as a sign of solidarity with a protest movement challenging the city's government and its Beijing backers.
2080	From umbrellas and Chinese calligraphy, to gas masks and helmets, people are getting their bodies inked as a sign of solidarity with a protest movement challenging the city’s government and its Beijing backers.
2081	Fuller House starlet Candace Cameron-Bure covered up in a long white dress with a sweeping train as she carried a slender golden clutch in one hand.
2082	Further ceremonial elements are still underway, including the presentation of collars, the Great Seal of Canada, and remarks from the prime minister.
2083	Further, the company provides personal interest courses, such as yoga, fashion, guitar, and Chinese calligraphy.
2084	Further, the rising number of mid-sized and small seals manufacturing firms and rising government initiatives may foster industry progress.
2085	Furthermore, a synthetic polymer such as PVA is highly capable of forming transparent films, with greater sealing abilities and high thermal and mechanical stabilities.
2086	Furthermore, the companies get a basic outline of moves, in the Global Four Treasures of the Study Market report, that can push the business to emerald heights, both in terms of sales and customer generation for the estimated time frame (2020-2027).
2087	Furthermore, the exhibition showcases magnificent works of Chinese calligraphy that are masterpieces in their own right.
2088	Furthermore, the global Four Treasures of the Study market report extensively offers the latest information about the technological developments and market growth prospects on the basis of the regional landscape.
2089	Furthermore, the most lethal problem of traditional Xuan paper is its high flammability.
2090	Furthermore, when the soft top is down, the Cabriolet function's electronic control system reduces the amount of water, supplying the required amount of water to a point just in front of the wiper blade lip, mainly on the downward stroke of the wiper arm.
2091	Furthermore, when the soft top is down, the Cabriolet’s electronic control system reduces the amount of water, supplying just the required amount of water, mainly on the downward stroke of the wiper arm.
2092	G-d gave complete forgiveness and atonement on Yom Kippur and issued a new set of Tablets, which had even more inscriptions than the first set.
2093	GCU faculty members and students along with the Chinese community planted a sapling on the university's campus in the memory of those who lost their lives due to coronavirus.Earlier, the day-long event was marked by Chinese musical and cultural festivities which included eating competition with chopsticks and Chinese calligraphy.
2094	GUA MUSANG: Chinese calligraphy is one of the important elements for the Tiong Hua community as the art can be used to symbolise joy and luck, and this is hung as decorations on the left and right sides of doors or buildings in conjunction with the Chinese New Year celebrations.
2095	GUATEMALA CITY/SAN SALVADOR (Reuters) - Strict coronavirus lockdowns in Guatemala and El Salvador have so battered local economies that hundreds of families are flying white flags outside their homes or waving them in the street: not in surrender, but to seek food and assistance.
2096	GUATEMALA CITY/SAN SALVADOR (Reuters) – Strict coronavirus lockdowns in Guatemala and El Salvador have so battered local economies that hundreds of families are flying white flags outside their homes or waving them in the street: not in surrender, but to seek food and assistance.
2097	GUATEMALA CITY/SAN SALVADOR — Strict coronavirus lockdowns in Guatemala and El Salvador have so battered local economies that hundreds of families are flying white flags outside their homes or waving them in the street: not in surrender, but to seek food and assistance.
2098	GUATEMALA CITY/SAN SALVADOR, May 21 (Reuters) - Strict coronavirus lockdowns in Guatemala and El Salvador have so battered local economies that hundreds of families are flying white flags outside their homes or waving them in the street: not in surrender, but to seek food and assistance.
2099	Gabi applied the concealer with its brush tip in strategic spots.
2100	Gale, who is keeper of the Great Seal of Nebraska, reiterated that use of the seal was strictly limited to state government and educational use.
2101	Galil was one of the researchers who helped decipher the inscription of the folded lead tablet using high-tech scans conducted at the Academy of Sciences of the Czech Republic in Prague.
2102	Galvan London shared the images of Lily via social media, captioning the post: "@LilyJamesOfficial styled #InGalvan by @RebeccaCorbinMurray in London.
2103	Gamble’s rendition is cleaner for the privy mark rather than, say, a variation of the eagle with olive branch and arrows, as appears on the Great Seal of the United States.
2104	Game of Thrones released its official script for the season finale as an entry for the Emmy’s, and as a Redditor points out this does help confirm a few things about the finale that we didn’t know for sure.
2105	Generally speaking, the S Pen tracked very well, although certain vertical strokes in words weren’t recorded, which then affects the writing-to-text functionality.
2106	Gently pull your outfit tight on its hanger and run the steamer over it, using slow, downward strokes.
2107	Geographically the Four Treasures of the Study market report encompasses all the key manufacturers from different regions of the world.
2108	George Washington, John Adams, Thomas Jefferson and James Madison overlook a marble mosaic of the Great Seal of the United States on the floor, while a stained glass scene of a patriot is framed above an excerpt from the Declaration of Independence.
2109	George identifies the man as Nebuchadnezzar and says inscriptions on the tablet show that he commissioned the tower.
2110	George pointed to his stomach, on which he’d gotten tattoos listing the names of all the relatives and friends who’d died recently, along with their birth dates and death dates, in blue cursive script.
2111	German Institute Taipei Director-General Thomas Prinz stands in front of Chinese calligraphy in an undated photograph in Taipei.
2112	Get all the details in the Global Four Treasures of the Study Market report and understand your competitors.
2113	Get it wet and sand in straight, horizontal strokes for about 5 to 10 minutes.
2114	Get the look by grabbing a liquid liner pen with a felt or brush tip that'll allow for maximum precision (and thus, maximum drama).
2115	Gilroy Roberts created the portrait of Kennedy on the obverse and Frank Gasparro sculpted the heraldic eagle on the reverse based upon the Great Seal of the United States.
2116	Gina Grillo / Pioneer Press Zack Vinoya of Morton Grove learns about traditional Chinese calligraphy at the Skokie Festival of Cultures on May 18, 2019.
2117	Give designer liners a run for their money with this waterproof formula and flexible brush tip that’s thin enough to create the most precise wings.
2118	Give your bathroom a tropical island feel with this printed palm tree bath towel set.beaded accentpalm tree and cursive script designincludes bath, hand and fingertip towelsCotton.
2119	Given that the minutes will not be released until 20 February, he will have to stick to the official script from last week's MPR.
2120	Given that the minutes will not be released until 20 February, he will have to stick to the official script from last week’s MPR.
2121	Given the president's delivery, it did not appear the insistence on Japan's inferiority was part of Trump's official script.
2122	Given the rapid change from the old standards it’s probably wise to get a head start on thinking how to re-do The Great Seal of the State of California.
2123	Given under my hand and the Great Seal of the City of Pittsburgh at the City-County Building, this twenty-fifth day of February in the year Two-Thousand & Twenty-One.
2124	Given under my hand and the Great Seal of the State of Michigan.
2125	Given under my hand and the Great Seal of the State of Vermont on this 17th day of March, A.D. 2021.
2126	Given under my hand and the Great Seal of the State this Twenty-seventh day of April, in the year of our Lord, one thousand nine hundred and twenty-three, and of the Commonwealth the eighty-seventh.
2127	Given under my hand and the great seal of the State of Rhode Island, this 22nd day of April, 2022.
2128	Given under my hand and the great seal of the State, at the City of St.
2129	Given younger generations have grown up with smartphones and social media, using or seeing very little cursive script during their day, is the writing on the wall for, well, writing?
2130	Global Four Treasures of the Study Market 2021 by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2026 published by MarketQuest.biz contains a detailed study of market size, share, and dynamics that are covered in pages.
2131	Global Four Treasures of the Study Market is estimated to reach xxx million USD in 2020 and projected to grow at the CAGR of xx% during 2020-2025.
2132	Global Four Treasures of the Study Market providing information such as company profiles, product picture and specification, capacity, production, price, cost, revenue and contact information.
2133	Global Four Treasures of the Study Market segmentation is also an important aspect of any market research report.
2134	Global Four Treasures of the Study market is segmented based on type, application, and region.
2135	Global Four Treasures of the Study market report shows the most affordable options for new as well as established business players to gain market share.
2136	Global “Four Treasures of the Study Market” is a comprehensive research that provides information regarding Four Treasures of the Study market size, trends, growth, cost structure, capacity, revenue and forecast 2026.
2137	Glossier Pro Tip Brush Point Liquid Eyeliner: The newest drop from Glossier is a sleek black eyeliner with a smooth, precise brush tip to give you the cat-eye you’ve always dreamed of.
2138	Glossier Pro-Tip Eyeliner Glossier Pro-Tip Eyeliner $18 see on glossier Glossier's liquid liner goes on with a brush tip to give you the precision of a professional job, but with the ease of a traditional pen.
2139	Glucosamine tablets can prevent bones from rubbing on each other, which can cause pain and inflammation.
2140	Go to Edit>Define Brush Preset… from the top menu and it'll add the new brush tip to your assortment, shaping it from the black and leaving transparent any white parts of the canvas.
2141	Go to Window>Brush to open the Brush Window, where you'll see a list of options such as Shape Dynamics (pressure on your drawing tool of choice dictates brush size), Dual Brush (use two brushes at once), Color Dynamics (use multiple colours at once) and Scattering (turns brush strokes into a scattering of marks in the shape of the brush tip).
2142	Goedhuis Contemporary of New York and London exhibited a more recent example of Chinese calligraphy by Fung Ming Chip (b.
2143	Goh's Geomancy piece uses tea-wrapping paper, Chinese calligraphy and dramatic reds and blacks to suggest a sense of ritual.
2144	Going through the scrapbook, he showed her the cover featuring the Great Seal of the State of North Dakota, which he drew and colored it with gold paint.
2145	Going with a pointed brush tip liner makes it easier to draw a quick and smooth line.
2146	Golden discs and silver tablets glow in spotlit vitrines, their inscriptions – and even the language in which they are written – mysterious.
2147	Goldfish is a rare work by the Chinese-French artist, who is perhaps best known for his bright-hued nude oil paintings that draw on both Fauvist palettes as well Chinese calligraphy.
2148	Gone are the Buddhist ritual drums and traditional Chinese calligraphy scrolls.
2149	Gone are the hours wasted scrubbing dishes at the kitchen sink, and with the advent of tabletop dishwashers, you won’t even need to rip a hole in your installations to accommodate a dishwasher.
2150	Good Trouble, which boasts an audience score of 75 percent on RottenTomatoes.com, is Freeform’s second-longest running scripted original behind only Black-ish spinoff, Grown-ish.
2151	Google Cloud recently announced the general availability of Cloud Run Jobs, a serverless option for running scripts and jobs that don’t respond to HTTP requests.
2152	Google made a bumper case for the Nexus 7 that seemed to have its fair share of issues, such as the color rubbing off onto the tablet.
2153	Goshuin, or seal stamps, can be purchased at various shrines and temples in Japan and stored in a small seal collection book (goshuincho) as a record of your visit.
2154	Governor DeWine selected the Great Seal State Park for the COVID-19 Pandemic Memorial Grove due to its rich history and central location, the press release said.
2155	Governor DeWine selected the Great Seal State Park for the COVID-19 Pandemic Memorial Grove due to its rich history and central location.
2156	Grab a brush tool, set color to white and choose a messy brush tip (like spatter 27px).
2157	Grab the Brush tool from the Tools palette and choose the same grass-shaped brush tip.
2158	Grab the Brush tool, choose a soft-edged circular brush tip and set the brush opacity to 20%.
2159	Grace Owens of Brunswick, Georgia, wearing a hat that read “deplorable” in cursive script and a T-shirt that proclaimed America First, thought neither candidate won the debate.
2160	Grade 5, because that was the level at which you were allowed to use real ink, and use those scratchy, steel, straight nibs that you had to dip into those ink wells in order to do that fancy cursive script.
2161	Graham would write out words in a large cursive script – as though they were elements in an abstract painting – and pin them on the wall, as though in an artist’s studio.
2162	Grandparents are teaching Chinese calligraphy to their granddaughter and how to write Chinese New Year auspicious messages.
2163	Great Seal Bug from NSA archives.
2164	Great Seal Medical Group is partnering with ValueHealth to meet the rising demand for outpatient surgical services and the shift to value-based care, according to a Sept.
2165	Great Seal Medical Group was founded by a group of independent physicians who specialize in orthopedics, general surgery, interventional pain management and sports medicine.
2166	Great Seal State Park encompasses the seven hills depicted in the seal, protecting the scene for future generations.
2167	Great Seal State Park has been selected as one of them.
2168	Great Seal State Park in Chillicothe, Oct.
2169	Great Seal State Park is a 1,682-acre recreation area with trails and vistas of distant ridgetops and the Scioto Valley below.
2170	Great Seal State Park is located at 4908 Marietta Road in Chillicothe.
2171	Great Seal State Park is located just north of Chillicothe where the history of Ohio and the Native American culture shroud the land.
2172	Great Seal State Park receives its highest ratings for beauty, spaciousness, and cleanliness.
2173	Great Seal Tower of Babel These cities are rich with occult history for various reasons, but one common thread is that they’ve both been inhabited by pagan cultures who sacrificed children to Moloch (the Carthaginians and Sumerians).
2174	Great Seal is one of my favorite trails ever.
2175	Great Seal of State.
2176	Great Seal was one of three locations considered for the memorial.
2177	Great Seal: Park trails access scenic vistas of the hills depicted on the Great Seal of Ohio.
2178	Great control and detail with the brush tips,” which helps those of us who are not artistically gifted.
2179	Great for fashion illustration, abstract art and papercrafting, these dual tip permanent ABT PRO Alcohol-Based Art Markers feature a flexible brush tip and chisel tip in one.
2180	Great for fashion illustration, abstract art and papercrafting, these permanent dual-tipped ABT PRO Alcohol-Based Art Markers feature a flexible brush tip and chisel tip in one.
2181	Great that they go in the dishwasher and that there are additional brush tips as well.
2182	Green background, white cursive script, the words “nineteen eighty-four” (no capitals) overlaying the paler white numbers: 1984.
2183	Greenville attorney Joshua Hawkins filed a lawsuit on Monday seeking confirmation to determine if two tort reform bills passed in 2005 and 2011 have the state's Great Seal.
2184	Grey's Anatomy is one of the longest running scripted television shows ever created and was renewed last year for its 16th and 17th seasons.
2185	Greyhounds were so highly regarded during the Middle Ages, that Edward III adopted the image of one for his great seal and, subsequently, a white greyhound became one of the heraldic supporters in the royal coat of arms of Tudor kings.
2186	Grill’d complained the butchery’s sign was too similar to their own, and “the prominent use of the word ‘grill’ in the cursive script, and common shaped r character, and red font” was confusing shoppers.
2187	Growth mindset: On Friday, which is Arbor Day, 15 trees will be planted in Great Seal State Park by coronavirus survivors, families of Ohioans who have died during the pandemic, health care workers, first responders and other essential workers.
2188	Gu is known for infusing colour to traditional Chinese calligraphy that traditionally centers on black and white composition.
2189	Guest rooms are equipped with AESOP and Lush brand toiletries, Italian silk bedding and plush towels, and accented by Chinese calligraphy paintings and local handicrafts so that visitors can truly feel like they are at a home away from home.
2190	Guests are invited to try complimentary arts and crafts, such as a dragon’s pearl coloring craft and Chinese calligraphy with local artisans.
2191	Guests began their night sampling foods from different countries and learning traditional practices from Asian cultures like making origami and Chinese calligraphy.
2192	Guests can enjoy Chinese folk dances, a lion dance performance, Chinese calligraphy, and traditional music.
2193	Guests can immerse themselves in a cultural experience with family friendly entertainment including in-store promotions, traditional lion dances, Chinese calligraphy, themed crafts and more.
2194	Guests watch exhibits as they attend the press conference of an exhibition on the calligraphy and painting of Su Shi at the Palace Museum in Beijng, capital of China, Aug.
2195	Guests were able to watch demonstrations of martial arts, try their hand at Chinese calligraphy and make their own lanterns.
2196	Guests were entertained during a fun-packed day by Chinese lion dancers and stilt walkers as well as trying their hand at Chinese calligraphy - and there were astrology readings for dogs and humans.
2197	Guests were invited to first ‘pluck’ an ang pow containing a lucky draw ticket from the gilded Tree of Wealth before collecting gifts of Chinese New Year paper cuttings and Chinese calligraphy scrolls featuring prosperous words and phrases written on red paper.
2198	Guests were wowed by numerous Chinese cultural kung fu performances, the famous Sichuan opera, aerobatics, Chinese calligraphy, and music.
2199	Guests will also be entertained by the lion dance, Chinese calligraphy luck talisman, and a special gift.
2200	Guests will enjoy performances by the Houston Lion Kings dance troupe, a hands-on Coin Tree art project, Chinese calligraphy, art projects and games in celebration of Lunar New Year and the Year of the Rat.
2201	Gun-mounted pickups rolled into the city flying white flags, claiming power for the first time since the Taliban was ousted in 2001 for providing safe haven to the Al Qaeda terrorist network behind the 9/11 attacks.
2202	Guo’s behavior greatly infuriated Yan Zhenqing, causing him to write this long letter to warn Guo of how his arbitrary seating arrangement, which placed a favored eunuch in front of a high ranking government official, constituted serious damage to the standards and values of the court, and that if Guo would not realize what he had done and stop doing so in future, disaster would fall upon him.
2203	HMAR set up a formal program on Oahu and Molokai where, with support from cultural practitioners, students in Hawaiian immersion classes and Hawaiian studies name seal pups after receiving information on their defining physical characteristics, genealogy and location of birth.
2204	HONG KONG (Reuters) - A stolen Chinese calligraphy scroll written by Chairman Mao Zedong and estimated to be worth millions of dollars has been found in Hong Kong, police said on Thursday, after it was stolen from an art collector's home in September.
2205	HONG KONG (Reuters) - A stolen Chinese calligraphy scroll written by Chairman Mao Zedong and estimated to be worth millions of dollars has been found in Hong Kong, police said on Thursday, after it was stolen from an art collector’s home in September.
2206	HONG KONG — A stolen Chinese calligraphy scroll written by Chairman Mao Zedong and estimated to be worth millions of dollars has been found in Hong Kong, police said on Thursday, after it was stolen from an art collector’s home in September.
2207	HONG KONG, Oct 8 (Reuters) - A stolen Chinese calligraphy scroll written by Chairman Mao Zedong and estimated to be worth millions of dollars has been found in Hong Kong, police said on Thursday, after it was stolen from an art collector's home in September.
2208	HONG KONG, Oct 8 — A stolen Chinese calligraphy scroll written by Chairman Mao Zedong and estimated to be worth millions of dollars has been found in Hong Kong, police said today, after it was stolen from an art collector’s home in September.
2209	HOT IDEA: Oven cleaner can be pricey — but you can make scrubbing your oven door a doddle when you use a dishwasher tablet.
2210	HRCA's Chinese New Year Celebration shows children the art of Chinese calligraphy.
2211	HRH is an official style used to address princes (His Royal Highness) and princesses (Her Royal Highness) in the royal family.
2212	Hacky or not, what I’ve tried to show here is a reusable way to detect a relatively modern browser and to prevent older browsers from applying styles or running scripts, causing them to display only the HTML of your page.
2213	Had some great seals by Osayi (Osifo).
2214	Hailey Jane Richards (right) and husband Adam wrote Chinese calligraphy to celebrate Lunar New Year holiday.
2215	Hailey, 23, has a similar tattoo on her neck, the word "lover" written in cursive script.
2216	Haldane cast a long shadow over the house – from his portrait over the fireplace to relics of his distinguished political career in the form of old Despatch Boxes, numerous silver trowels for opening universities and the Lord Chancellor’s velvet purse for keeping the Great Seal of England.
2217	Hallways are lined with colorful projects where children have written their names in Chinese calligraphy.
2218	Halsey is no stranger to tattoos, and has approximately 29 inkings, including a butterfly motif and the lyric "i'm a loser baby" in cursive script on their neck.
2219	Han Zhigang, director of the cultural relics protection institute of Shahe City, said that the inscription on the cliff tablet recorded that the ancestors of a local family had moved here from another village to trim trees, cultivate mountain fields and build Buddhist statues.
2220	Han added that the inscriptions on the stone tablets also bear significant research value for understanding calligraphy in the Song Dynasty.
2221	Hand lettering sets like these from Prismacolor provide you with all the essentials: turquoise graphite pencils for sketching that won’t show up once you marker over it, brush tip and chisel tip markers, fine-line markers, and an eraser (because mistakes are a part of life).
2222	Hand-engraved die was executed for striking the central portion of the design for the Great Seal of the State of Florida.
2223	Handheld vacuum sealers work best for small sealing jobs, like preserving leftover deli meats and cheeses.
2224	Handler has a penchant for blurred horizontal strokes and daubed circles that hint at her landscape photography — a sunset perhaps, or ripples on a pond.
2225	Hangeul vastly increased literacy — previously restricted to the top scholarly class — and remains the official script of both South and North Korea.
2226	Happy Valentine’s Day.” The intimate design has darker colors, a candle, and cursive script that is sure to sweep your sweetie off their feet.
2227	Happy birthday Proton Saga, ” he wrote in his famous slanting cursive script.
2228	Has a great seal too.
2229	Have you ever felt like you need a formal script to stick to when trying to close a sale?
2230	Have you ever looked at the Michigan Great Seal/Coat of Arms?
2231	Have you experienced a disaster with a springform pan that is not non-stick and doesn’t make a great seal?
2232	Having Mercedes-Benz join forces with us this year is a great seal of approval regarding the importance of SLO Film Fest as a cultural leader in the Central Coast and a great reminder of what this event means for our area and our community.
2233	Having collected 55,000 crowns of his initial Danegeld, he accepted a bond under the great seal of France for the remainder, and at once the English army began its march to Calais, which it reached without serious incident on 4 September.
2234	Having endpoint protection on the servers, multifactor authentication to protect accounts, and behavioural analysis software, as well as blocking PowerShelll from running scripts could have stopped these attacks, Gallagher said.
2235	Having poor fine-motor abilities, I never developed the kind of cursive script that distinguishes the board work of many splendid educators.
2236	Having thus been effectively deposed as Lord Chancellor, Wolsey surrendered the Great Seal of his office to Henry on October 18 or 19.12 Wolsey retired to York, and later was arrested for treason , on November 4, 1530, but died before he could return to London.
2237	Hayley Au poses for a photograph after writing a "Fai Chun" with Chinese characters reading "Good Fortune" traditional decorations with Chinese calligraphy, which sell for HK$ 250 each (US $ 32), in Hong Kong on Jan.
2238	He added that Great Seal Pottery, Body Zone, Winegardner Chiropractic and Bartender on Wheels are just a few of the local LGBTQ-owned businesses in the area.
2239	He added: "This year I would estimate there is going to be over 4,000 pups born, the great seal reservations across the world, with most of them on our shores, are getting the same estimations.
2240	He already has the words “Always Tired” in cursive script under his eyes and the words “Stay Away” above his right eyebrow.
2241	He also called for the need to view the subject matter in a wider perspective, adding that if khat is introduced in Chinese primary schools as an option and without examination, with Malays also learning Chinese calligraphy under the same conditions, it is a positive development.
2242	He also created the Great Seal of America.
2243	He also expressed hope that such researches in the field of historical linguistics, inscriptions, and studies of historical manuscripts will lead to the unveiling of valuable information of the historical era, while there are plenty of inscriptions and clay tablets in various languages from Aramaic to ancient Persian, Elamite and Babylonian languages in different palaces of Persepolis.
2244	He also has several tattoos, including four tally marks with a line through them on his right cheek and a cursive script about his left eyebrow.
2245	He also implicitly rejected the motto emblazoned on America's Great Seal — E Pluribus Unum — from many ones.
2246	He also invented a unique style of calligraphy called “Slender gold.” As an accomplished artist, Emperor Huizong spent much of his time mingling with the many outstanding poets, painters, and musicians of his day.
2247	He also leaves behind a large Taijiquan community and an even larger community of friends collected over the years."LaoMa" taught Chinese martial arts and Chinese calligraphy for nearly 50 years.
2248	He also maintains The Great Seal of the State of Wisconsin which is used by La Follette to authenticate the governor's official acts.
2249	He also noted that CNN has added a new “Breaking News” guideline to its official stylebook.
2250	He also played piano and admired the beauty of photography and Chinese calligraphy, his friends told the university.
2251	He also played the piano and admired the beauty of photography and Chinese calligraphy, his friends at the university told him.
2252	He also pointed out all the extremely detailed great seals of the early Scots Kings prior to 1297 show a much larger carved stone of a height to sit on and hollowed slightly on top.
2253	He also questioned the proposed dating, noting that comparison of the Mount Ebal site to other sites dated by radiocarbon analysis suggest it may date from the 11th century B.C. — perhaps two centuries or more later than what was claimed — and he suggested the decipherment of the inscription on the tablet could also be subject to interpretation.
2254	He also related that “The State of Michigan office of the Great Seal of Michigan, Department of State provided an estimate for the same documents that were requested from the City of Clare and that “the entire search labor/printing cost and certification of the documents would be only $28.03.
2255	He also shared a photo of the official script to his feed, which had his initials watermarked on it.
2256	He also showed her a small sealskin kayak model that Renatus, who had befriended him, had made for him in 1944.
2257	He also suggested using the Great Seal of the United States on the “challenge coin,” a keepsake typically given as gifts to agency employees or guests, per the Times.
2258	He also will give a lecture within the demonstration on the related progression and philosophy of traditional Chinese calligraphy and painting.
2259	He also worked on the design of the Great Seal and the first American coins.
2260	He always draws the downward stroke and then comes straight back up to the right, like he’s creating an acute angle in math class.
2261	He and KLSCH vice-president Yang You Wei said the NGO supports Malay as the national language with Rumi as the official script, in line with Article 152 of the Federal Constitution and Section 9 of the National Language Act.
2262	He and his followers broke the great seal of trust in democracy.
2263	He appears to have a polar bear and two small seal cubs at his feet.
2264	He attended the Tan Guan Hin Chinese Painting School where he immersed himself in the world of traditional Chinese calligraphy, a technique that he continues to use in his work today.
2265	He based the eagle on the presidential coat of arms from the Seal of the President of the United States, which itself is based on the obverse of the Great Seal of the United States.
2266	He based the heraldic eagle on the presidential coat of arms from the Seal of the President of the United States, which itself is based on the obverse of the Great Seal of the United States.
2267	He begins with the latter, chronicling the six-year saga to develop the Great Seal of the United States.
2268	He broke his first carry of the game off the left tackle with a great sealed block by Ruckert to spring for a 44-yard touchdown run.
2269	He brought up the Latin phrase on the Great Seal of the United States that serves as a motto for the country, e pluribus unum, which means "out of many, one." The origins of the motto are believed to have come from writings of the ancient Roman scholar Cicero.
2270	He called us his "Mayville landlords." We were thrilled -- me especially -- when Wayne and Beth sent one of the most meaningful and thoughtful things ever as a thank-you gift: a replica of the Great Seal of North Dakota.
2271	He calls them "my little juror groupies." One woman sent a letter in fine cursive script that closed with the assurance that she found him attractive for himself and did not have "black robe fever." Holder, for the record, is quite happily married to Sharon Malone, administrative chief resident in obstetrics at George Washington University Hospital.
2272	He came up with K3, whose logo is written in Japanese with three horizontal strokes.
2273	He capped it off a 4-for-4 half with a great seal and dunk that nearly took the roof off Value City Arena.
2274	He combined his writing techniques with northern epigraphic style with that of the “Two Wangs,” namely Wang Xizhi and his son Wang Xianzhi, one of the most prestigious father-and-son duo calligraphers in China.
2275	He continued Director Moore’s policy of omitting E PLURIBUS UNUM on the reverse of coins except when the Great Seal was used as a design motif.
2276	He demonstrated the blow on three occasions to the court, clenching his first in the downward stroke, as Judge Wendy Joseph, QC, asked for clarification of how the killer struck.
2277	He denied changing his mind – twice – but said the issues confronting the job have become more complex than merely holding the great seal, incorporating new businesses, archiving government documents, and watching the health of the governor and lieutenant governor because the secretary is next in line to take over Louisiana.
2278	He described the buildings and copied the Persian and Arabic inscriptions carved on stone tablets in these structures.
2279	He designed the current version of the British Great Seal.
2280	He died in 1329, but in the Register of the Great Seal for 1365, a charter of King David II of Scotland confirms a grant of lands in Clackmannan to Robert Bruce, described in Latin as “our beloved and faithful kinsman”.
2281	He doesn't practise Chinese calligraphy but is a regular contributor to various Chinese publications, penning his views on arts, architecture and cities.
2282	He drinks fresh coffee from a floral-printed mug labeled “Love” in fancy cursive script.
2283	He established the Great Seal of the United States, which all Presidents since have been required to use on all Official Documents.
2284	He even writes in Chinese calligraphy by holding an ink brush with his mouth.
2285	He excelled in running script and regular script, imitating the styles of famous phenomenal calligraphers like Li Yong (AD 678-747) and Yan Zhenqing (AD 709-784), and then created his own unique writing style.
2286	He gave me a bookmark with the great seal of the U.S. of A which I will always treasure.
2287	He gets involved with Amber’s work, by running scripts with her.
2288	He goes on to say the “Great Seal of Victoria” does not appear anywhere on the 2018 state electoral writs, making the elected politicians “criminals” due to the unlawful nature of the poll.
2289	He got great seal position on numerous possessions and scored at the rim.
2290	He had 42 field hands and 12 horses,” the note reads in handwritten cursive script.
2291	He had a great seal made and obliged those who had received letters of grant from himself or Ladislaus V to present them within a year for confirmation with the new seal.
2292	He had lost his job as secretary to the powerful Sir Thomas Egerton, lord keeper of the great seal, by defying him to marry his niece Anne.
2293	He had the phrase "let it be" tattooed on the inside of his left forearm in cursive script in December, which he looks at to calm himself in times of trouble.
2294	He hand wrote the original manuscript in prison, filing 900 pages with his cursive script before reading and rewriting it - twice.
2295	He has also given them the highest level of teaching, called Mahamudra, a Sanskrit word for “great seal,” an advanced system of meditation.
2296	He has also given them the highest level of teaching, called Mahamudra, a Sanskrit word meaning “great seal,” an advanced system of meditation.
2297	He has also written, acted in and directed more than 20 theater productions, and last year held a world tour to exhibit his unique portrayals of celebrities and people painted with a Chinese calligraphy brush, the museum said.
2298	He has been practicing Chinese Tai Ji and probing Confucian, Buddhist, and Taoist ideas, and also specialises in Chinese calligraphy.
2299	He has four grandchildren and enjoys practising Chinese calligraphy.
2300	He has learnt Chinese calligraphy, martial arts and even something about traditional Chinese medicine and taken part in numerous diplomatic events in China.
2301	He has posted a passer rating of 52.0 in the first quarter, when the Browns should be running scripted plays designed to get Mayfield in rhythm and grow the rookie's confidence.
2302	He has several tattoos including Chinese writing on his neck, a teardrop on his face, four dots on his hand, and the name "Karrie" on his right inner arm.
2303	He has several tattoos including Chinese writing on his neck, a teardrop tattoo on his face, four dots on his hand, and the name Karrie on his right inner arm.
2304	He has several tattoos including Chinese writing on his neck, a teardrop tattoo on his face, four dots on his hand, and the name “Karrie” on his right inner arm.
2305	He has tattoos of red roses and green leaves on his neck and his right hand and palm, the number ‘47’ on his right temple, four tally marks on his right cheek with a line through them, and a cursive script above his left brow.
2306	He helped craft Trump's controversial executive order that intended to promote neoclassical architecture as the official style for federal buildings in Washington and at new federal courthouses elsewhere.
2307	He incorporates Chinese ink into his works and some of the bold strokes even resemble abstract Chinese calligraphy set against backgrounds filled with a depth of various textures, colours, lines, shapes and shadows.
2308	He informed that all the clinics were using sub standard drugs and were involved using open ampoules (a small sealed glass capsule containing a liquid) by injecting non sterile injections to patients.
2309	He informed that all the clinics were using substandard drugs and were involved using open ampoules, a small sealed glass capsule containing a liquid, by injecting non-sterile injections to patients.
2310	He initiated the project "Big Characters Travel the World," a plan to construct writing scenes of Chinese calligraphy at art institutions worldwide, promoting academic communication between calligraphy and international art circle.
2311	He invented a unique stroke style when writing Chinese calligraphy characters and turns them into works of art.
2312	He invoked the traditional motto on the Great Seal of the United States of America — ‘E Pluribus Unum, out of many, one,” and noted that previous generations of his own family suffered religious persecution.
2313	He is also associated with the design of the Great Seal of the United States.
2314	He is also known to have compiled the first official scriptures of Sikhism 'the adi granth' which later was expanded to guru granth sahib.The diwan at gurudwara Mansarovar and gurudwara Sadar began with a reading of Sukhmani Sahib followed by 'asa ki vaar' kirtan and langar (community feast).
2315	He is also the Provincial Secretary and Keeper of the Great Seal of the Province of Alberta.
2316	He is best known for his excellence in seal and clerical script, which prevailed in the Han Dynasty (202 BC-AD 220).
2317	He is blessed with a good hand-eye co-ordination and an equally impressive array of horizontal strokes, which made up, at times, for his limited footwork.
2318	He is famous for shooting his films without a formal script and dialogues, and rather relies on working with actors on set and spontaneity.As a result, he also shoots for longer duration and prefers taking retakes.
2319	He is in charge of e-commerce at a local Xuan paper company.
2320	He is known for being better at spontaneous rally speeches rather than formal scripted speeches.
2321	He is much stronger than the guards that the Nuggets have, and he was able to get great seals for easy layups or fouls by outmuscling them.
2322	He is probably best known for designing the face of the Great Seal of the United States of America in 1884.
2323	He is the keeper of the Great Seal, serves on the state Real Estate Commission, the Pardons Board, the Nebraska Accountability and Disclosure Commission, and other state boards.
2324	He learned Chinese calligraphy in China, where he lived for two years.
2325	He learned Chinese calligraphy, and he painted beautiful works of art that were immaculately designed and filled with a sense of wonder and whimsy.
2326	He learned his trade working in a sign shop in Horsham, West Sussex, and says it took him five years to acquire a cursive script he was happy with.
2327	He learned to write Chinese calligraphy by using pen provided by the university.
2328	He led me to a tall stone tablet with a Korean inscription: The great leader, Comrade Kim Jong Il, visited this spot four times, including on July 19, 1972.
2329	He looks at crisscrossing avenues of long shadows and translates them into slender vertical strokes in brilliant colours, as if the landscape was composed of the finest silk threads.
2330	He made many friends with Shen Zhou, Wen Zhengming and other painters, constantly absorbed the aesthetic taste of literati painters, and created a new model of green landscape.
2331	He mentioned that he wasn’t crazy about the original eagle design for the Great Seal of the United States.
2332	He mounts strips of wrinkled cyanotype Xuan paper onto canvas to create imaginary compositions reminiscent of mountains, oceans, abstract art, and other interpretations.
2333	He moved to Hong Kong and began studying Chinese calligraphy, oil painting, drawing and watercolor on rice paper.
2334	He never confronted a Butterball, but Benjamin Franklin very famously favored the turkey over the eagle, which nevertheless became the bird adorning our money and the Great Seal of the United States and which represents the spirit animal of America, for better or worse.
2335	He never flinches when under pressure while often creating a more explosive play when the defense shuts down the official script.
2336	He obtained a charter under the great seal to build Guthrie Castle in 1468 and was later appointed Lord Chief Justice of Scotland.
2337	He opened a shop in Sheung Wan that specializes in the four treasures of the study and also sells famous paintings and calligraphy, "Duo Bao Xuan." In order to promote Chinese culture, classes are also held to teach calligraphy and traditional Chinese painting.
2338	He paints this in big, mostly vertical strokes in yellow and orange and adds a brilliant triangle of white.
2339	He penned his admiration of the gobblers in a letter to his daughter in 1784, two years after the Continental Congress approved the bald eagle to be the centerpiece of the Great Seal of the United States.
2340	He performed several tricks in the video, juggling four balls in front of the Great Seal of Wyoming, bouncing three balls off the Capitol steps, climbing the walls while juggling with both hands, and juggling left-handed while sitting on the State Capitol sign.
2341	He prints everything — except for his signature, which he inks in a wobbly cursive script.
2342	He puts a wicked spin on Waynes, gets a great seal block from T.J.
2343	He quickly found numerous stones and tablets bearing similar scripts and dated them from around 1400 BCE.That made the inscription one of the earliest forms of writing ever discovered.
2344	He recounted in his meetings with the Chinese counterparts in Beijing, how he dropped the official script of Washington’s pro-democracy concerns for Burma, in hopes that the Chinese Communist Party leadership may get the message that the giant neighbour had nothing to fear of U.S. backing for the Burmese democratic opposition.
2345	He repeated it once more, although it’s not quite clear whether this Trumpian saying ever was in the official script.
2346	He returned to Kimball for several years to be a Ranch Hand but moved back to the mountains in Alpine California to spend his free time flying white pigeons and riding his horses.
2347	He said Ramasamy should support the re-introduction of khat, an Islamic art that is not dissimilar to Chinese calligraphy.
2348	He said after seeing this theater and production, he felt like he just took a trip to Magic Land." If that isn't a great seal of approval, I don't know what is.
2349	He said changing the official style of communication in Congress-ruled panchayats was just the first phase of his party's social change strategy.
2350	He said claims that illegitimate coders are making money by booking slots for common citizens by running scripts, are completely unsubstantiated.
2351	He said he started to learn Chinese calligraphy when he was 13 and became interested in art after seeing someone writing Chinese New Year’s couplets with a brush.
2352	He said he used Western sculpture materials and techniques and added gilded Chinese calligraphy to the work.
2353	He said the government’s decision provided the opening for the Jawi script to be placed in its legitimate position as the official script for Bahasa Malaysia for nearly a thousand years before the Roman alphabet was accepted as the official writing for the national language.
2354	He said the poem’s plum flower motif was adapted from a Chinese classic, possibly borrowed from “Rantei-jo,” written by Wang Xizhi, the most famous Chinese calligrapher in the 3rd century.
2355	He said they agreed that there was no motive of Islamisation in the move to introduce Jawi writing to non-Muslim students and accepted Jawi as part of the country’s cultural heritage that should be respected by all parties, like Chinese calligraphy, Tamil writing and those of other ethnic groups in the country.
2356	He said they agreed that there was no motive of Islamisation in the move to introduce Jawi writing to non-Muslim students and accepted Jawi as part of the country’s cultural heritage that should be respected by all parties, like the Chinese calligraphy, Tamil writing and those of other ethnic groups in the country.
2357	He said, "As actors we are always running scripted lines and being politically correct.
2358	He said, “As actors, we are always running scripted lines and being politically correct.
2359	He said: "Don't do a hard downward stroke, because the conker will almost certainly swing down and hit you in the arm!
2360	He said: “Don’t do a hard downward stroke, because the conker will almost certainly swing down and hit you in the arm!
2361	He says if the Secretary of State’s failure to affix the Great Seal made laws invalid, it would give the Secretary a veto power stronger than the governor’s, whose veto may be overridden.
2362	He says that the iconic GE cursive script will help set the inverter apart in a crowded landscape.
2363	He sent me a few options, and I knew the proof with the slender gold text was it.
2364	He sent me, as a surprise, everything I need to make my own lifesize, great seal of New Jersey right at home.
2365	He sent representatives to negotiate with William, but secretly attempted to flee on 11/21 December, throwing the Great Seal into the Thames on his way.
2366	He signed on not only as its star, but also as an executive producer without seeing any official scripts.
2367	He spent a year as a volunteer English teacher for World Teach in 2016-2017 in Hunan, China, where he began his study of Chinese calligraphy with brush.
2368	He suggests placing the log back into the original wrapper and securing it with a layer of cling wrap, or placing it into a small sealed container.
2369	He takes a tablet, and with a stylus, writes the inscription which is to be fastened to the Cross.
2370	He then blasted Thisara Perera for 4 sixes in the 11th over and soon after whacked Angelo Mathews over cover for a boundary to have his name sealed in the record books - he had smashed the joint-fastest century in T20I cricket history - off just 35 deliveries!
2371	He then carried out what the junior officers called the “great seal hunt,” in which several senior officers were forced to retire, supposedly so that bright, young officers could be promoted.
2372	He told NBC that the country that includes Latin for its kicker, E Pluribus Unum, on its Great Seal is a beautiful country and yet it’s not beautiful when we condemn, call people names and scare people at subject of immigration.
2373	He told NBC the country that includes the Latin for his kicker, E Pluribus Unum, on its great seal was “a beautiful country … and yet it’s not beautiful when we condemn, call people names and scare people about immigration”.
2374	He told the reporter: “I I usually study calligraphy here, but today I knew that there was a calligrapher sending Spring Festival couplets here, so I came to line up early with my father.” His father, Mr. Yan, said that the child likes calligraphy very much, and this year he specially brought him here to feel the New Year atmosphere.
2375	He took his 6ft by 8ft canvas, titled The Great Seal, to the city of Grand Rapids for the yearly contest.
2376	He translated people’s names into Chinese calligraphy as well as explaining the skill behind his art.
2377	He urged each graduate to look at the great seal of Campbellsville University that has an equilateral triangle fortified with fellowship, leadership and scholarship – elements that can fortify all of us, he said.
2378	He used a great seal block from center Trey Hopkins to race 33 yards on one of those screens they keep telling us were going to work.
2379	He wants French butchering to be honoured alongside Chinese calligraphy, Tinian marble-carving and Kazakh yurt construction on the Unesco list.
2380	He was a consultant on the committees that were designing New Jersey’s Great Seal and suggested the Latin phrase that became the United States motto, “e pluribus unum,” which translated means “out of many, one”.
2381	He was a high performing , highly like , really promising young man who who other SEALs have told me probably would have made a great seal.
2382	He was a trusted servant of the king and was custodian of the Great Seal temporarily in 1279.
2383	He was also instrumental in the design of the Great Seal of Ohio.
2384	He was appointed Lord Keeper of the Great Seal and conducted the negotiations between the English and Scottish to unite England with Scotland.
2385	He was described as wearing a T-shirt emblazoned with the Great Seal of The United States — including a pyramid and the Eye of Providence.
2386	He was the only living Chinese artist included in the 100th celebration of the Peabody Essex Museum (now PEM) in 2003 and the only Chinese artist in over a century to appear at Harvard University and the Boston Museum of Fine Arts where he was invited to demonstrate the art of Chinese calligraphy.
2387	He was wearing a navy suit, a white shirt, a blue tie, a black face mask, and what appeared to be a lapel pin bearing the Great Seal of the State of New York — similar to the ones he wore in office.
2388	He was writing, as he often did, with tongue planted firmly in cheek, not about our nation’s Great Seal, but rather the design of a seal of The Society of the Cincinnati, a group by and for members of the Continental Army and their descendants.
2389	He went off the official script when he said, “Legal immigrants enrich our nation and strengthen our society in countless ways.
2390	He wrote a long, entertaining post describing how he figured it out — it involved some smart analysis of the IDs, running scripts that would create guesses.
2391	He wrote: "This day, my country was confirmed to me under the great seal of England, with privileges, by the name of Pennsylvania, a name the King would give it in honor of my father.
2392	He's got one on his arm which features the chemical formula for serotonin, known as the happiness chemical, and the word 'warrior' in cursive script.
2393	He, Huang Bo, a 2020 doctoral student, and Cheng Minghui, a 2022 doctoral student, have been collecting data in their spare time since 2021, including information on oracle bone conjugation results of many scholars since the publication of “Oracle Bone Inscriptions”, covering public publications, academic websites, etc.
2394	Head over here to read the official script in PDF format.
2395	Heard a segment on NPR today about “pregnant people” and wondered if it’s an official style guide change or just a few woke reporters.
2396	Heat stroke victims should NOT be forced to drink water, nor should rubbing alcohol be applied or salt tablets be given, the NSC says.
2397	Heckscher currently lives with his spouse on Mount Desert Island, where he occasionally teaches Chinese calligraphy at College of the Atlantic.
2398	Heckscher currently lives with his spouse on Mount Desert Island, where he occasionally teaches Chinese calligraphy at the College of the Atlantic.
2399	Held from 8.30am to 6pm and in celebration of the Chinese New Year on Jan 22 and 23, visitors can take part in activities such as Chinese calligraphy, candle-making, and a henna booth at the open house.
2400	Help usher in the Year of the Tiger at this exciting cultural street fair featuring a holiday attire parade, Chinese folk arts & crafts, paper cutting & Chinese calligraphy, and much more!
2401	Hence the name seal cough or barking cough.
2402	Henry VI’s great seal is appended to the document by a purple and white cord.
2403	Henry gave him the Great Seal that same day, and he was ceremoniously installed on the marble Seat of Judgment in the Chancery.
2404	Henry, who had been invaluable down low for the Cougars, had a great seal on the inbound and had a legitimate look at the game-winner.
2405	Her concert at the museum will feature another 21st-century work, Ancient Dances, a three-movement piece by Chen Yi for pipa, percussion, and video, combined with Chinese calligraphy.
2406	Her cursive script notes an assortment of foodstuffs that span from the sweet to the sour: Swedish fish, powdered Gatorade, oranges, bananas, pickles and more.
2407	Her cursive script with pen or chalk from an earlier era.
2408	Her dad can be seen holding a paracetamol tablet in forceps and rubbing it gently on the iron plate.
2409	Her determination to study Chinese calligraphy percolated from an extracurricular course her mother enrolled her in back when she was in Primary One.
2410	Her downward strokes suggest someone who is motivated to provide for their need for security, home, money.
2411	Her flying white halter dress and slingbacks is kind of memorabilia and it's often tagged as her signature attire.
2412	Her higher purpose to life was motivated by her ancestry and teachings carried from her mother, Helen Yu and from her grandfather, Yu Youren, a leader in the founding of the Republic of China, and also a prominent Chinese calligrapher, educator, founder of a university and journalist, whose legacy is claimed by both China and Taiwan and is highly respected by both.
2413	Her initial thoughts on shopping partner Ofglen – “she’s a pious little shit with a broomstick up her ass” – are a linguistic depth-charge in an otherwise formal script.
2414	Her jewelry included a slender gold chain necklace and a pair of small gold hoop earrings.
2415	Her left wrist used to feature a tattoo of her husband's initials, "DB" written in cursive script.
2416	Her letters, in a flowing cursive script, turn bold when she repeats a familiar phrase: “He is in fear for his life.” It is that devotion that drives her to continue to pay the extortion money.
2417	Her lovely cursive script was familiar to so many from the hundreds of letters that she sent on a regular basis to let her family and friends know of her latest home and family adventures.
2418	Her medium of choice: Devised theater, which eschews formal scripts, characterization, and other stage traditions in favor of a looser, more collaborative creative process.
2419	Her name was written in cursive script at the bottom, following by her dates.
2420	Her official style will be Catherine, Princess of Wales, not ‘Princess Catherine’ or 'Princess Kate’ because, in the same way as Diana, she is not a blood-born princess.
2421	Her process involves compiling a vast and diverse archive of sources, including diagrams and maps, cave markings, Chinese calligraphy, architectural renderings, graffiti, photojournalism and texts.
2422	Her slender gold choker was barely perceptible.
2423	Her task is to transcribe the logs' handwritten notes, from their elegant cursive script to something that can be digested by computers.
2424	Her tattoo has the word “lover” written in cursive script.
2425	Her tattoo of Chinese calligraphy hasn’t been translated until now.
2426	Her very precise cursive script on the paper, appropriately small for the page, identifies the pamphlet beneath it as describing The Orchards, later known as Seabury House off Round Hill Road in Greenwich.
2427	Her victim had described a Chinese calligraphy tattoo Marke had in an intimate area, signifying her husband’s name.
2428	Her work combines her own paintings with seemingly random objects, like staircase banisters, old locker hardware and even her son’s Chinese calligraphy homework.
2429	Her works on Xuan paper are rooted in the Yin Yang philosophy’s principle of complementary contradiction, says Dr. Grant Pooke, Senior Lecturer at the University of Kent.
2430	Here are his long paper scrolls covered in Beat-esque prose poetry, their unfurling format recalling Chinese calligraphy, and the jazzy Zap Comix–like prints Wong designed to advertise San Francisco drag-performance act The Cockettes, which he joined, later becoming part of their offshoot, Angels of Light Free Theater.
2431	Here at Lion Home Service, we use Aeroseal, one of the most popular brand-name sealing technologies on the market that utilizes a water-based, environmentally friendly material to seal holes in your ductwork.
2432	Here is Norman Lewis’ “Processional” (1965) an abstract black-and-white painting of vertical strokes crowded into formation with a sense of urgency.
2433	Here she is learning Chinese calligraphy.
2434	Here we can increase scattering or set opacity and colour jitters for a random brush effect, as well as choose from Photoshop’s immense arsenal of different brush tips.
2435	Here you get two options – fine tips and chisel or brush tips.
2436	Here you got these good-looking charismatic president having an affair on the rug that has the Great Seal of the United States in his office, a room that is they said Reagan wouldn’t walk into without a jacket.
2437	Here you’ll want to work your brush in vertical strokes, moving from one side of the radiator to the other, overlapping as you go to guarantee a nice even finish.
2438	Here's a little-known fun fact: For years, "Opening Day" was capitalized in The Sporting News official stylebook, but when MLB started diluting what should have been a special celebrated occasion, we dropped the capitalization.
2439	Here's what makes it Brow Flick so rad: The pen features a flexible and microfine brush tip that defines brows with near-surgical precision.
2440	Here, at least, the Palace Museum has a first-rate example on display, Wen Zhengming’s Zhong Kui in a Wintry Grove, a hanging scroll made in 1534.
2441	Here, the global Four Treasures of the Study market is deeply analyzed on the basis of regions and countries such as North America, Europe, China, India, Japan, and the MEA.
2442	Here, you could make DIY lanterns with a member from Vietnam, sit down and try Chinese calligraphy, play marbles with Jamaica, or try other traditional board games.
2443	Here’s a little snippet that will show you how to abruptly stop a running script that is executing from outside the Script Editor.
2444	Here’s another item that is deeply influenced by Masonic principles: The Great Seal of the United States.
2445	He’s at his best running scripted plays but tends to find trouble when he has to adapt and fall back on his athleticism.
2446	He’s wearing his official America’s VetDogs service dog vest, which includes the Great Seal of the United States on the back.
2447	Hiding behind the scene of AGITATION built on a open belligerence of proxies US-UE-OTAN and the official script-play of defense oh Ukraine, lies the real theme of an incestuous love affair among the "chosen" family, read between neo-ukrainazisme and zionisme-judaisme.
2448	High chemical & water resistance, great seal-ability are the crucial properties driving the aluminum demand in the industry.
2449	High-ranking Finks bikie Troy Fornaciari wants to get rid of his famous ink, which include the words "Not Guilty" in running script on his left cheek, "In Gods Hands" (sic) on his chin and "Tuff Luck" in capital letters on his eyelids, saying he now finds them "embarrassing".
2450	High-yielding and early cropping, this bright climbing French bean produces tender, slender golden pods.
2451	Highlighted in gold foil are the words "Thank you" in cursive script and an elegant floral design that swirls through and around the words.
2452	Highlights are expected to include a vast installation of more than 400 Chinese lanterns in St Giles’ Cathedral, a “not-so-traditional” Burns Supper, themed whisky, beer and food tastings, an exhibition of Burns’ poetry and Chinese calligraphy, “bilingual ceilidhs”, and parties and concerts celebrating the arrival of China’s Year of the Rat.
2453	Highlights include “Soranjo” and “Kojichujo,” 7th to 8th-century copies of two of Wang Xizhi’s most acclaimed writings.
2454	Highlights of the party included a traditional tree full of fortunes, custom pieces of Chinese calligraphy for guests and an ever-lively Lion Dance.
2455	Highlights on the 1st floor include the Great Seal of Mustafa Pasha, which fell to Prince Eugene of Savoy in the Battle of Zenta in 1697.
2456	Highlights: Chinese art and cultural activities by Udon Thani’s distinguished Chinese descendant clubs and families, including lion dance, golden dragon dance, red lantern decorations, Chinese music performances, Chinese calligraphy, and sales of traditional Chinese New Year food to bring luck and good fortune.
2457	Highlights: Contemporary cultural performances, Baslop dance, Vietnamese Ao Dai and Chinese Qipao fashion show, Indochina Kids Contest, Chinese calligraphy writing show, sales of local food including Vietnamese food.
2458	Hindustani will be the national language with two official scripts, Devanagari and Persian-Urdu.
2459	His Office Of Approximation has constructed offices nearly identical to the ones he occupied while in “power” for four years, with Great Seals, Official Logos, a beautiful Flag, and a huge desk.
2460	His Premium Gold Rush salmon yusheng comes with vegetables arranged in the shape of a bull, finished with Chinese calligraphy hand-drawn by the chef himself.
2461	His advisers, according to CNN, have wanted to limit the president’s appearances in the media to a minimum, to prevent him from leaving the official script about the riots on the Capitol that will mark his legacy.
2462	His art could be said to combine the traditions of Chinese calligraphy and literati painting with western abstraction.
2463	His body lay in state in the Capitol rotunda under the Great Seal of Arizona which he helped design.
2464	His carving of the Great Seal of the United States, which is made from maple wood, won first place at the Ventura County Fair sometime in the 1980s, Ayres said.
2465	His children and grandchildren cherish the many letters he wrote to them in his beautiful cursive script.
2466	His classes in Taipei included math using an abacus, an experiential countryside biology course, Chinese calligraphy, and life drawing.
2467	His closest friend, Zhao Mengfu (1254-1322), a scholar, painter and calligrapher, who had enormous significance in Chinese art history, acknowledged his talent and superiority in cursive writing.
2468	His company also designs and produces many creative products related to Xuan paper, including fans and scrolls, to meet the modern demand of the market.
2469	His daily activities include going for walks, meeting friends and practising Chinese calligraphy.
2470	His deck of business cards, each featuring the great seal of the state of North Carolina, rests beside a tasteful assortment of food-shaped erasers.
2471	His denunciations took the form of tottering towers of crooked Chinese calligraphy in which he painstakingly wrote out his entire lineage, all 21 generations of it, pairing names with the places they had lost, and occasionally topping it all off with expletives like “Fuck the Queen!
2472	His favourite song is the U.S. National Anthem and his birthday is, coincidentally, the same day Congress officially adopted the Great Seal of the United States.
2473	His first try was Chinese calligraphy ink which, being viscous and a light-absorbing black, worked well—except that eventually (as ink does) it dissolved in the water.
2474	His guiding principles still preside in the form of Chinese calligraphy in the company’s boardroom.
2475	His highly skilled engravings depicted important historical events, such as a detailed map of the Siege of Yorktown, and included the original design for the Great Seal of the United States, various medals, coins and paper currency.
2476	His house was also searched where officers found a large quantity of cash, small seal lock bags, plastic gloves, digital scales, a large knife with cocaine residue on it.
2477	His inscriptions can also be seen on memorial tablets on church walls and headstones in Yorkshire and further afield.
2478	His linguistic journey began as a child in Mexico, took him through 28 countries (living in Japan for six), and enabled him to study ancient Chinese calligraphy in Taipei — Japanese Nihonga painting in Tokyo — and contemporary art & critical theory in New York City.
2479	His linguistic journey began as a child in Mexico, took him through 28 countries, and enabled him to study ancient Chinese calligraphy in Taipei — Japanese “Nihonga” painting in Tokyo — and contemporary art and critical theory in New York City.
2480	His list concludes with another neck tattoo which has “Aniyla” written in a cursive script.
2481	His morning routine includes taking three collagen tablets, scrubbing and fake-tanning his whole body and he can spend up to two hours on his make-up.
2482	His painting was greatly influenced by such masters as Xu Wei (1521-93), Bada Shanren (1626-1705) and Wu Changshuo (1844-1927).
2483	His paintings reveal an impulse towards writing and an embedded reference towards Chinese calligraphy.
2484	His public work includes helping restore the Great Seal of Minneapolis, which will be back on view later this year after being hidden away for decades, signage for Minneapolis’ Holy Cross Catholic Church and a fountain near the rose garden at the Minnesota Landscape Arboretum.
2485	His quest involves a medallion of protection, a horse that succumbs to sadness, and a flying white luck-dragon named Falkor.
2486	His ranting about democratic values and elitism pivoted him into a summary assessment of the bird on the Great Seal.
2487	His safety is of the least concern to him, which shouldn't make it surprising that he sacrificed his life to save the world by becoming the Great Seal.
2488	His son tosses a Ping-Pong ball into their midst, which starts a chain reaction, a wild flurry of snaps and flying white balls, each of which sets off even more traps.
2489	His status as a Blues great sealed, Drogba spent the next two seasons with Chinese club Shanghai Shunua and Turkish side Galatasaray before returning to Chelsea to win his fourth and final Premier League title.
2490	His tatt consists of the chemical formula for serotonin, known as the happiness chemical, and the word 'warrior' in cursive script.
2491	His writing in seal script was recognized for its firmness and strength, according to the nine-volume “The Highlights of the History of Chinese Calligraphy,” compiled by Tao Zeyi in 1376.
2492	Historian Ed Berenson explained that while Lady Liberty's face initially appears to be modeled after the Roman Goddess of freedom, Libertas, who also appears on the Great Seal of France, there is also a tie to one of the ancient wonders of the world.
2493	Historical context is crucial to understanding the past (and present), and absent the Cold War, the only national motto state legislators might be able to mandate on public school walls would be the de facto one of “E pluribus unum” (“Out of many, one”), adopted by an act of Congress in 1782 as part of the Great Seal of the new United States.
2494	History on American Eagle Day dates back to June 20, 1782 when Continental Congress approved the Great Seal of the United States to be the bald eagle.
2495	Hold one tablet with a pair of tweezers and begin rubbing against the metal plate.
2496	Hold the blade at a 45-degree angle and, while pulling skin taut with the opposite hand, work in short, feathery, downward strokes.
2497	Hold the cob steady and use a sharp knife, and make long downward strokes on the cob, separating the kernels from the cob.
2498	Hold the pen with the brush tip facing down until the brush is saturated with ink.
2499	Holden was presented with the Great Seal of Michigan signed by over 110 officials by Rep.
2500	Holding a brush in each hand, a two-armed robot programmed to write Chinese calligraphy took a few short, choppy strokes to write a Chinese idiom in five seconds.
2501	Hometown to world-famed ancient Chinese calligrapher Wang Xizhi, Linyi city has been working on building calligraphy its namecard while integrating such cultural inheritance with tourism and commerce, just as the theme of this year's festival, "Calligraphy & Innovation", has conveyed.
2502	Hometown to world-famed ancient Chinese calligrapher Wang Xizhi, Linyi city has been working on building calligraphy its namecard while integrating such cultural inheritance with tourism and commerce, just as the theme of this year’s festival, “Calligraphy & Innovation”, has conveyed.
2503	Hong Kong police were on Tuesday investigating a theft of 10 works of Chinese calligraphy valued at HK$150,000 (US$19,100) from a village house on Lantau Island.
2504	Hong Kong's public transit railway system, as a sign of speed and modernity, has surfaced itself with an exhibition of archaeological finds along with Chinese calligraphy in brush and ink.
2505	Hood presented Greene with the hardcover book “Historic Tennessee” in cursive script.
2506	Hopkins and the bronze company designed the tablet and Frese wrote the inscription.
2507	Hopkinson was a signer of the Declaration of Independence and designed the Great Seal and first coin.
2508	Hopkinson was also a consultant for what came to be the Great Seal of the United States.
2509	Horde players will need to head to the Great Seal to progress the main story.
2510	Hou Beiren’s paintings remain true to ancient Chinese landscape themes, Chinese calligraphy, and references to ancient Chinese poetry.
2511	House Poem on Sampsonia Way decorated with Chinese calligraphy, is part of City of Asylum, which provides sanctuary and forums for exiled writers.
2512	Housed in a former bank, the space retains its grand, airy feel, complete with columns and a towering, marble entrance (which, almost ironically, is now etched with the restaurant’s name, in flowing, cursive script).
2513	How can we create landing zones or infrastructure-as-code and compliance-as-code so you are running scripts and put governance on top of it all,” she said.
2514	How do you make your company more attractive to millennials who are accused of only looking for high flying white collar jobs?
2515	How does someone become an official style star in the modern era?
2516	How is Chinese calligraphy offensive?
2517	How she got her start in media: “As an ABC News desk assistant -- answering phones, running scripts, and logging tape.
2518	How to make dirty white sneakers look brand new again What you'll need Stain remover spray Sponge or scrubbing brush Bucket Denture tablets What to do Rinse the shoes in warm water.
2519	How will the Four Treasures of the Study market look like after CO-VID 19 Condition in 2021?
2520	However, Her Majesty’s blessing was made official on Wednesday as she made a declaration at a Privy Council meeting, right before signing a Great Seal of the Realm.
2521	However, Professor Graeme Orr, electoral law expert at the University of Queensland, told AAP FactCheck that there are no requirements for electoral writs to contain the Great Seal.
2522	However, a royal expert has questioned whether The Prince and Princess of Wales' daughter would ever use an official style if the Royal Family continues to modernise as much as it has been doing in recent months.
2523	However, an exhibition currently under way at the art museum of Shanghai Oil Painting and Sculpture Institute is conducting a “visual dialogue” between Chinese calligraphy and sculpture via a series of art pieces.
2524	However, as it failed to fit in with the official style of Soviet literature at the time, it managed to be published only in the United States by Ardis publishing house in 1978.
2525	However, discovering these documents led to the next challenge as these documents were written in Modi script of Marathi — the official script of the then Gwalior State ruled by Maratha rulers.
2526	However, during the British colonial period, North Carolina did have a motto on its great seal, a Latin phrase that meant “Which, though late, looked upon me.” That was reason enough to split with Great Britain.
2527	However, even a small sealed battery can cause wires to glow red and start a fire if shorted out, so I strongly recommend including an automotive-style DC fuse between the battery “positive” and the rest of the electrical circuit.
2528	However, fans were quick to notice that the star had a new inking on his jawline and set about deciphering exactly what the cursive script says.
2529	However, from behind they may be running scripts that steal files or infect your computer.
2530	However, if there is a problem, there are a number of things you may see: Abandoned : If you see a seal with a white, long-haired coat in the autumn/winter, or you see a small seal (less than 3ft in length) alone between June and August, then it is probably still suckling from its mother.
2531	However, if you're in a pinch now and don't have denture tablets to hand, another easy method for cleaning a vase includes spraying the inside with a white vinegar solution, gently scrubbing, rinsing, and then wiping it down with a microfibre cloth.
2532	However, in her 20's Miller studied the art of Chinese calligraphy and brush painting under Master Lui-Sang Wong.
2533	However, it’s actually the attorney general who authenticates proclamations using what’s called the Great Seal of B.C., which is then countersigned by cabinet.
2534	However, our biggest complaint is reserved for the windshield wiper operation, which has the right wiper blade pausing directly in the middle of driver's view before starting its downward stroke--very distracting.
2535	However, pen eyeliners can make liquid eyeliners user-friendly thanks to their felt or brush tips.
2536	However, red, white and blue did take on meaning in 1782 when our founding fathers stipulated that the Great Seal of the United States would reflect their beliefs and values.
2537	However, running scripts on your computer is not impossible.
2538	However, scholars actually credit Francis Hopkinson with the flag’s design, the man who designed the first coin and the Great Seal.
2539	However, since E Pluribus Unum appeared on the Great Seal of the United States in 1782, Americans--with the exception of the Civil War -- have never been more divided.
2540	However, somehow Rhode Island’s Sammartino managed to score the fight 118-108 for Haskins as the official scripted his own bizarre fairytale result.
2541	However, that’s easily remedied by visiting your local dealership and ordering a brush tip supply of touch-up paint.
2542	However, the Library of Congress reports that scholars actually credit the flag’s design to Francis Hopkinson, who also designed the Great Seal and first coin of the United States.
2543	However, the Vistas have a small issue where they sometimes fall out of your ear, even with a great seal.
2544	However, the colors in the Great Seal of the United States did have specific meanings.
2545	However, the consent was announced when the formal letter was publicly revealed on April 21—about a week before their April 29 nuptials—featuring hand-written calligraphy, a frame, the Great Seal of the Real, and the Queen's signature in the top right corner.
2546	However, the guidelines also state that “the development of an official style” and that “uniformity in the design of federal buildings” must be avoided.
2547	However, the inscription had been impossible to read until now, when a historian used an advanced imaging technique to better reveal the tablet's surface features.
2548	However, the royal titles only became official this month, when the Letters Patent passed the Great Seal of the Realm on Feb.
2549	However, they last very long and offer great sealing when maintained properly.
2550	However, this data can help suppliers make the right decision before investing in the Four Treasures of the Study market.
2551	However, this isn't the case for all of the late Queen's great grandchildren as some will never gain an official style.
2552	However, when it was announced in 2012 that Kate Middleton was pregnant with a second child, the Queen issued a Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the Realm, which ensured that all of the Duke and Duchess’ children would receive the title of Prince and Princess.
2553	However, when it was announced in 2012 that Middleton was pregnant with a second child, the queen issued a letters patent under the Great Seal of the Realm, which ensured that all of the Duke and Duchess' children would receive the title of prince or princess.
2554	However… It's so good, we'll have to keep it secret and out of the official script even given to the actors”.
2555	However… It’s so good, we’ll have to keep it secret and out of the official script even given to the actors”.
2556	Huang Tingjian, a follower and pupil of Dongpo, respected his master convinced that Dongpo will become one of the most renowned poets in history just as Tao Yuanming.
2557	Hui Li is a lifelong student of Chinese calligraphy.
2558	Hui was hugely influenced by Ming-era painter Dong Qichang’s idea that involved transforming landscapes into calligraphic abstractions.
2559	Humble Administrator’s Garden (Suzhou) – the garden of Wen Zhengming’s poems and paintings (15th–16th centuries) and a UNESCO World Heritage Site – reveals the propensity for geomancy and mathematics in architecture and landscape design.
2560	Hundreds of families are flying white flags outside their homes or waving them in the street: not in surrender, but to seek food and assistance.
2561	Hundreds of wooden tablets covered with enigmatic inscriptions hidden in huts began to be reported more than 100 years later by the Christian clergy."At that time, no one was able to read them anymore" - added Dr. Wieczorek.
2562	Hundreds were assembled on the west entrance of the courthouse, which was beautifully decorated with a mural, painted by Steve Hale, of the rising sun, depicted in the Great Seal of the State of Ohio.
2563	Hung next to it is the ravishing little Naivasha Lake, the thin trunks of trees described by scraping the wooden end of the brush through the top layer of paint to reveal the dark background in a series of brisk vertical strokes.
2564	Hutchinson Protect'Air Max achieves a great seal for your tubeless tyre setup with minimal messy turmoil.
2565	I already know this Chinese calligraphy piece will look gorge in your space.
2566	I also chose a mixture of wands and brush tips, some bushy and bristly, some thin and plastic, to see how well each packed on the pigment and loaded up a colorful tint.
2567	I also have a medium set of Comply foam tips made for great seals.
2568	I also love the old Chinese seal script for its softness and roundness, and it also always reminds me about the calligraphy school from the film called Hero.
2569	I also really like the precise brush tip because it makes it easier to create the wing.
2570	I also use Da Vinci brushes, Winsor & Newton brushes, and inexpensive Chinese calligraphy brushes.
2571	I also used the wedge-shape on the brush tip, to create some of the flow of the waves.
2572	I also wonder who you were trying to emulate when you were scrubbing orange dirt off your feet, eating rolexes (a traditional Ugandan snack) seductively and consuming deworming tablets like glasses of wine on a girls’ night out.
2573	I am a huge fan of this liner, which has a slender brush tip and is intensely pigmented so every stroke is defined.
2574	I am deeply opposed to revolutions because the only bloodless one I know of was England’s Glorious Revolution in 1688 when James II ran away in the dark of night (ditching the Great Seal of England in the Thames on the way out).
2575	I am so impressed that to celebrate this anniversary, my Office received hundreds of entries as part of our Great Seal Contest.
2576	I apply the foundation over the skin in downward strokes to build coverage and lightly hold down the baby fine hairs on the face.
2577	I began to play around with seal scripts, early Chinese “oracle bones,” so these are early scripts.
2578	I believe a magnificent piece of art is viewed for its expression of emotion instead of reading the meaning of each word.” Yap said modern Chinese calligraphy art is similar to abstract art, except that it is in the form of characters and stimulates a different impact and meditative effect, and has a deeper meaning.
2579	I believe that the Chinese calligraphy reads Destiny.
2580	I came across this copy of the Great Seal of the Commonwealth in the flat of a recently deceased relative.
2581	I can’t read Arabic but I enjoy Arabic calligraphy or Chinese calligraphy,” says Bhattathiri.
2582	I create one by taking a graphic, transforming it into a brush and then playing around with the settings within the natural Brush media window (Brush tip shape > Spacing and Shape dynamics > Angle Jitter set to Direction).
2583	I cut my teeth in the newsroom getting coffee, running scripts, pulling tape and editing voiceovers, all while remaining at the same entry-level position and pay.
2584	I decided to visit The Lord Keeper of the Great Seal in Oadby, partly because I'd never been before and I was also fairly nearby.
2585	I declare My Consent to a Contract of Matrimony between My Most Dearly Beloved Grandson Prince Henry Charles Albert David of Wales and Rachel Meghan Markle, which Consent I am causing to be signed under the Great Seal and to be entered in the Books of the Privy Council.
2586	I declare My Consent to a Contract of Matrimony between My Most Dearly Beloved Grandson Prince Henry Charles Albert David of Wales and Rachel Meghan Markle, which Consent I am causing to be signified under the Great Seal and to be entered in the Books of the Privy Council.
2587	I developed it with a brush tip applicator so it glides on evenly and it’s never sticky or tacky.
2588	I did Chinese calligraphy as a young child and it helped me appreciate positive and negative space later in my life.
2589	I did get two small seal, but I guess we just have to make do with what we have,” Fitka said.
2590	I did get two small seal.
2591	I didn't know that I was going to be working with Jeffrey or Luke until I got the official script, the first one.
2592	I discovered the stories of women at the APG in the archives at the State Library of NSW, where Dwyer had deposited her production diaries – her own diary, with notes of rehearsals and descriptions of the cast, as well as Garner’s production diary, with stage directions and script notes in a neat pink slanted cursive script.
2593	I do a lot of work with trying to elicit breaches and then you use a big seal, a small seal, even different colors, etc.
2594	I drew an impeccable fake moustache on my hand when it arrived on my desk and the pen’s flexible brush tip made it a breeze to use.
2595	I even snuck in a little joke when a tablet had the inscription ‘the young noble showed lots of potential’ and pointed out that it must’ve referred to her.
2596	I finished running scripts, and when I walk in one of the producers said, “Oh, I bet you’re running on CP Time.” (colored people time).
2597	I first observed that Frice was well-decorated, as the jasmine tea green-colored wallpaper encapsulating the restaurant was adorned with Chinese calligraphy and there were multiple picture frames holding traditional hand scroll paintings.
2598	I followed the instructions, such as holding it at a 45 degree angle and keeping skin taut, using short downward strokes with very light pressure.
2599	I forgot that the chef very likely had never tasted this particular appetizer, and I certainly wasn’t thinking about how I was picking crispy fried crumbs off rough-edged paper.
2600	I found a thread on Reddit that theorized that the North Dakota flag looks like the Great Seal of the United States.
2601	I found that the edge of the chisel tip is also ideal for fine work, while the brush tip is good for creating smooth, sweeping strokes.
2602	I found two papers I like quite well from Blue Heron Arts (https://blueheronarts.com), a small online catalog that carries rice papers and Chinese calligraphy paint brushes.
2603	I generally prefer a brush tip over a felt—it's a little easier to control—which is the reason I stopped using it in the first place, but when it comes to staying power and inkiness, the Stila can't be beat.
2604	I get a great seal that blocks out noise.
2605	I had to break his rhythm .He was anticipating i will counter dribble the shot, but i would have played in his hands, so i jumped high to hit the shuttle in a downward stroke.
2606	I have also discussed setting up auto-updates for Pi-hole which was installed using the official script.
2607	I have always revered and admired the majestic bird, first adopted as our national symbol way back in 1782 when it became an important component of the Great Seal of the United States.
2608	I have another old picture of my dad’s dad, my grandfather Guy, in the uniform of his traveling team, on the back of which he’d written a note to his father (my great-grandfather Francis), a long narrative in a looping cursive script that centered entirely around the prospects and fortunes of the upcoming baseball season.
2609	I have average ears and found the earbuds very comfortable with a great seal.
2610	I have dinged this beer a good bit in every section above when comparing it to the official style guidelines — and, if I were judging it in a competition, it would frankly get low marks.
2611	I have had some experience reading difficult handwriting (as I work with doctors) so I had fun getting to know Edith's tricky cursive script.
2612	I head to the kitchen and peel the cucumber in long downward strokes, attempting to get each ribbon off in one, itself a victory of sorts.
2613	I hope that, as Americans, they would at least consider as a framework for analysis the inscription on the tablet at the base of our Statue of Liberty: “Give me your tired.
2614	I know the Great Seal has a Seminole Indian woman (who actually replaced a Western Plains Indian wearing a feathered headdress), a steamboat, flat terrain (which replaced a mountain – something not found here), and a sabal palm (which replaced a cocoa palm as more indigenous to our state).
2615	I know they have an idea, but they haven’t written the official script.
2616	I leave the tops white and paint in the reflections with vertical strokes, using more water.
2617	I like that this concealer has a brush tip for easier application and doesn't come out in big, wet globs.
2618	I liked how the prawn paste or hae koh was packed in a small sealed plastic bag.
2619	I love that the serum takes less than 10 seconds to apply, and the brush tip allows you to coat the entire brow in one quick swipe.
2620	I love the feel and grip of every brush, the amount of water each brush can hold and how flexible the brush tips are!
2621	I mean, even the sort of cursive script in the label said something about what the store represented.
2622	I mean, would you want a bunch of womanizing fowl on the Great Seal of our country?
2623	I never really saw an official script.
2624	I once bought iced tea from a woman in Manado, in North Sulawesi, whose hijab was simply embroidered with the word “Saudi” in cursive script: kingdom as brand and logo.
2625	I opened one pack of the applicators and put two drops on each brush tip.
2626	I painted noses and mouths using a very thin paint brush tip and black icing color.Cut a 5" and a 2" round circle out of white fondant (again, depending on the size of your pop).
2627	I particularly like the brush tip and the way it flows.
2628	I personally always set it to the softest, so that my brush strokes are soft and match the size of the brush tip.
2629	I plan to be able to take one of my Chinese calligraphy or painting classes any day of the week.
2630	I prefer mine set to a full-size brush tip for painting and a precise option for other cursors in lieu of the little skeuomorphic icons.
2631	I purchased a small sealed tin purporting to contain "the last breath of Communism” and a t-shirt bearing the legend: "Marx is dead and Lenin is dead and I'm not feeling too well either”.
2632	I put a recycled plastic jar in the metal holder (ditch the perforated tray), and it works great for holding wax brushes suspended, so you don’t get a bent brush tip.
2633	I ran my finger along faded swirls of cursive script down yellowed pages.
2634	I really hope to help you figure out what services, wants, targets and running scripts during booting is all about.
2635	I recommend using the flat bottom of the tablet in circular motions for the best scrubbing action and results.
2636	I ripped it open and began to read the very precise, almost feminine cursive script.
2637	I slightly preferred using the ones with brush tips, though that’s possibly just because it felt a bit more like brushing my teeth.
2638	I stepped over the Great Seal of the United States which had been blasted off the Embassy wall.
2639	I struggled for weeks to learn how to write my name in cursive script and proudly signed up for that first card.
2640	I study his cursive script which really is quite beautiful, not to mention his excellent spelling.
2641	I swipe lightly with downward strokes and free the roots to move out in the hole.
2642	I then took the dishwasher tablet and dipped it into the water before gently scrubbing the targeted areas on the glass door.
2643	I think I used the word encouraged in my formal script.
2644	I think it is very important for every designer to be recognised in a special segment.” He feels that his own name sealed the fact that he was meant to be different.
2645	I think we talked about it to some extent on the -- during the formal script in terms of some of the improvements that we've made in order to help for early identification of changes in collection trends where we're seeing payers or patients or others pay at lesser rates than they have historically.
2646	I think we talked about it to some extent on the -- during the formal script in terms of some of the improvements that we’ve made in order to help for earlier identification of changes in collection trends where we are seeing payers or patients or others pay at lesser rates than they have historically.
2647	I thought I had a great sealed pool with four on-color rares and a convoke package, but I struggled when I didn't hit "Ral's Reinforcements" on turn two.
2648	I tried the installed tips first, which were the smallest size, and found that I wasn’t getting a great seal in my ear.
2649	I use Copic brush tip pens for line work, mostly, and Chartpak watercolor markers in Cool Gray tones (Nos.
2650	I use ‘kyug style’, a form of a cursive script of the central Tibet region for calligraphy art.
2651	I used a Chinese pen brush to draw the Chinese calligraphy 'Fu' which means fortune on a square red banner.
2652	I used a whiteboard instead of a binder and scribbled down lunch options for the day and in a pretty cursive script wrote “Menu” across the top, then presented it to my toughest patrons.
2653	I used the corner of the brush tip for the smaller detail.
2654	I used this function to import my handy arrow brush tip, which I use to paint arrows on screenshots.
2655	I used to admire her, sitting at the dining room table at night, books spread in layers, watching her beautiful cursive script filling pages and pages of notes, putting her lipstick on to attend night classes.
2656	I used to enjoy writing the loopy zeds in cursive script.
2657	I used to think that in order for tablets to become viable media creation machines, a precision pointing tool for timeline placement would be necessary, but I have come to the conclusion that an implementation along the lines of the iTunes “scrubbing” technique would obsolete the need for this.
2658	I want to close to talk a little bit about what we did friday Fran I did were in Ross County to dedicate the Covid 19 Memorial Grove at the Great Seal State, part in honor of the victims And survivors of COVID-19.
2659	I was a bit nervous because of the stories I heard about how uncomfortable it was to have PCR testing done, which is having a nurse or doctor stick a swab with a soft brush tip that goes up a person’s nose.
2660	I was applying it with a roller, with Kass following behind using vertical strokes on a wide, high quality brush to tip it off.
2661	I was interested by a macabre, slightly disturbing multimedia installation called The Theater of Apparitions by Roger Ballen, as well as work that involved the beautiful layering of Chinese calligraphy and traditional darkroom techniques by Sun Yanchu.
2662	I was interested by a macabre, slightly disturbing multimedia installation called “The Theater of Apparitions,” by Roger Ballen, as well as work that involved the beautiful layering of Chinese calligraphy and traditional darkroom techniques by Sun Yanchu.
2663	I was shown the house in which my forefathers lived, the location of the Adi Ganga — now extinct, and the temple, Vaidyanath Mandir, which bore the name of the village in an inscription on a terracotta tablet above the door.
2664	I was surprised by how easy the calligraphy-pen-like brush tip was to use (I normally just use black liquid liner from the drugstore).
2665	I was using brush tips with short handles and was ready to totally give up until a friend convinced me to try Stila.
2666	I watched a small seal, probably a returning pup, approach a sleeping juvenile male, as if to nurse on its side.
2667	I would send subsequent drafts to her and her sister-in-law, who was a huge help to me, and they loved all the stuff in the book, which was a great seal of approval.
2668	I've found that the smaller and the sharper the brush tips, the better the performance.
2669	I've just used a dishwasher tablet on the glass & it's come up sparkling with no scrubbing.
2670	I've taught foreign students pen and ink skills in Chinese calligraphy, but I don't want them to become "Chinese calligraphers" who can imitate classical works of famous writers such as Yan Zhenqing well.
2671	IN Chinese calligraphy, how one writes is equally important as to what one writes.
2672	IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and cause the Great Seal of the State of Arkansas to be affixed this 10th day of January, in the year of our Lord 2023.
2673	IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of Arkansas to be affixed this 26th day of January, in the year of our Lord 2022.
2674	IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of Florida to be affixed to this Proclamation convening the Legislature in Special Session at the Capitol, this 26th day of April, 2022.
2675	IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of Florida to be affixed to this Proclamation expanding the call to the Legislature in Special Session at the Capitol, this 19th day of April, 2022.
2676	IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of Florida to be affixed, at Tallahassee, this 13th day of April, 2023.
2677	IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of Florida to be affixed, at Tallahassee, this 24th day of September, 2022.
2678	IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of Florida to f fixed, at Tallahassee, this 17th day of March 2020.
2679	IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of Mississippi to be affixed.
2680	IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and caused to be affixed the Great Seal of the City of Lee’s Summit, Missouri, this 18th day of October, 2022.
2681	IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and have caused the Great Seal of the State of Florida to be affixed at Tallahassee, Florida, this 20th day of September, 2022.
2682	IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and have caused the Great Seal of the State of Florida to be affixed at Tallahassee, this 22nd day of December, 2022.
2683	IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and have caused the Great Seal of the State of Florida to be affixed at the Capital, Tallahassee, Florida, this 4th day of March, 2022.
2684	IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and have caused the Great Seal of the State of Florida to be affixed at the Capital, Tallahassee, Florida, this 6th day of January, 2022.
2685	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 10th day of October 2017.
2686	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 10th day of October 2022.
2687	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 11th day of May 2023.
2688	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 11th day of September 2020.
2689	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 12th day of October 2020.
2690	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 13th day of January 2017.
2691	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 13th day of September 2016.
2692	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 14th Day of August 2009.
2693	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 14th day of June 2022.
2694	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 15th day of September 2017.
2695	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 15th day of September 2022.
2696	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 17th day of June 2022.
2697	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 18th day of July 2017.
2698	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 19th day of April 2017.
2699	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 19th day of May 2017.
2700	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 1st day of May 2023.
2701	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 1st day of September 2016.
2702	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 1st day of September 2017.
2703	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 21st day of April 2020.
2704	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 21st day of November 2016.
2705	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 22nd day of April 2022.
2706	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 22nd day of May 2023.
2707	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 23rd day of December 2019.
2708	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 23rd day of September 2022.
2709	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 24th day of April 2020.
2710	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 24th day of May 2022.
2711	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 25 day of August 2017.
2712	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 25th day of November 2020.
2713	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 26th day of April 2021.
2714	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 26th day of July 2022.
2715	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 26th day of October 2017.
2716	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 27th day of April 2023.
2717	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 28th day of November 2022.
2718	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 29th day of January 2022.
2719	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 29th day of March 2018.
2720	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 2nd day of May 2023.
2721	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 2nd day of November 2017.
2722	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 2nd day of October 2020.
2723	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 2nd day of September 2022.
2724	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 30th day of April 2023.
2725	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 30th day of January 2020.
2726	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 30th day of March 2020.
2727	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 31st day of August 2016.
2728	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 31st day of August 2017.
2729	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 31st day of August, 2017.
2730	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 3rd day of June 2022.
2731	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 3rd day of May 2020.
2732	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 3rd day of September 2017.
2733	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 4th day of March 2021.
2734	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 4th day of May 2023.
2735	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 4th day of September 2020.
2736	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 5th day of February 2018.
2737	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 5th day of May 2023.
2738	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 6th day of April 2017.
2739	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 7th day of April 2020.
2740	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 7th day of December 2016.
2741	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 7th day of November 2016.
2742	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 7th day of September 2017.
2743	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 8th day of June 2022.
2744	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 8th day of November 2019.
2745	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 8th day of September 2016.
2746	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 8th day of September 2017.
2747	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 9th day of July 2017.
2748	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 9th day of October 2017.
2749	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 9th day of September 2022.
2750	IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of Florida to be affixed at Tallahassee, the Capital, this 8th day of January, in the year two thousand eighteen.
2751	IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and caused the great seal of the State of West Virginia to be affixed.
2752	IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and caused to be affixed the Great Seal of the State of Arizona.
2753	IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and caused to be affixed the Great Seal of the State of Idaho at the Capitol in Boise on this 10th day of March in the year of our Lord two thousand and twenty-two.
2754	IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and caused to be affixed the Great Seal of the State of Idaho at the Capitol in Boise on this 12th day of October in the year of our Lord two thousand and twenty-one.
2755	IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and caused to be affixed the Great Seal of the State of Idaho at the Capitol in Boise on this 17th day of June in the year of our Lord two thousand and twenty-one.
2756	IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and caused to be affixed the Great Seal of the State of Idaho at the Capitol in Boise on this 27th day of March, in the year of our Lord two thousand and twenty-three, and of the Independence of the United States of America the two hundred forty-seventh, and of the Statehood of Idaho the one hundred thirty-third.
2757	IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto signed my name and affixed the Great Seal of the State of North Carolina at the Capitol in the City of Raleigh, this 24th day of August in the year of our Lord two thousand and eleven, and of the Independence of the United States of America the two hundred and thirty-sixth.
2758	IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have set my hand officially and caused to be affixed the Great Seal of Louisiana, at the Capitol, in the City of Baton Rouge, on this 20th day of December, 2012.
2759	IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have set my hand officially and caused to be affixed the Great Seal of Louisiana, at the Capitol, in the City of Baton Rouge, on this 30th day of October, 2009.
2760	IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have set my hand officially and caused to be affixed the Great Seal of Louisiana, at the Capitol, in the City of Baton Rouge, on this Thursday, 1st day of September, 2011.
2761	IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have set my hand officially and caused to be affixed the Great Seal of Louisiana, at the Capitol, in the city of Baton Rouge, on this 17th day of September, 2013.
2762	IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have set my hand officially and caused to be affixed the Great Seal of Louisiana, at the Capitol, in the city of Baton Rouge, on this 8th day of January, 2011.
2763	IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have subscribed my signature and caused the Great Seal of the State of Tennessee to be affixed this 30th day of March, 2020.
2764	IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have subscribed my signature and caused the Great Seal of the State of Tennessee to be affixed this 3rd day of July, 2020.
2765	IN WITNESS WHEREOF,I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of Nevada to be affixed at the State Capitol in Carson City, this 10th day of September, in the year two thousand nineteen.
2766	Idaho’s state motto is currently “Esto perpetua” as we can see on the Great Seal of the State of Idaho and means "let it be perpetual." However, it’s 2022 and we were curious to know what the people of Idaho would want to change the motto to if given the choice.
2767	Ideal for artists, designers and crafters, the brush tip works like a paintbrush to create fine, medium or bold strokes by simply changing brush pressure while the chisel tip provides consistent lines and broad coverage for coloring large spaces.
2768	Ideal for normal to oily skin.Packaging May VaryUsing the included applicator, apply Fit Me Matte + Poreless Powder to the forehead, nose, cheeks, and chin and blend all over using gentle downward strokes.
2769	If I find that my opponent is aggressive, I try to hit more downward strokes.
2770	If Jawi and khat writing was a sign of Islamisation, would that mean the Malay right wingers were right - that Lim Guan Eng putting Chinese calligraphy on the walls of the Ministry of Finance is in fact a sign that we were now linked to China?
2771	If a load of people are trying to get Beyonce tickets, but a bunch of them are running scripts – then it’s pretty clear who’s going to be attending that concert.
2772	If a manufacturer produces small volumes or has intermittent production, then subcontracting their FIPG system will be very cost effective.Dispensing of only one component ensures that even very small sealing gaskets can be produced accurately without any problems.
2773	If approved, the order would rip up the 1962 Guiding Principles for Federal Architecture, which explicitly says ‘an official style must be avoided’ and that new buildings should reflect their own times.
2774	If asked, most of us could name at least a few iconic logos, whether it be Coca-Cola's cursive script or the namesake bird of Penguin Books.
2775	If no official style guide exists, the graceful thing to do is to simply adopt the code base’s current style when contributing to it.
2776	If so, try layering slender golden necklaces instead.
2777	If that doesn’t work, I might try strips on both edges of each section, so that they press against each other to maybe provide greater seal.
2778	If the downloaded script does not run or gives you an error message “Cannot be loaded because running scripts is disabled on this system,” you need to set the script execution policy to unrestricted.
2779	If the firms believe in offering a memorable experience to their prospective customers, the Global Four Treasures of the Study Market report is going to be very useful.
2780	If the headphones come in a sealed box, Apple places a very distinctive small seal, characterized by a fluorescent green or orange dot.
2781	If the player completely disconnects from the network any running script stops.
2782	If the position is correct, and if all downward strokes are made toward the center of the body, each pupil will develop uniform slant, though different pupils may develop individual slants.
2783	If this variable doesn’t include the path details of such software, running scripts or commands from a CLI with the program leads to the “The system cannot find the path specified” error.
2784	If tie-dye was the official style of 2020 spring quarantine, then "vote" merchandise is 100 percent the fall mood in fashion — and that's no wonder since somehow Election Day is just around the corner.
2785	If we’re running scripts that we’re authoring ourselves, we can trust that they won’t do anything they shouldn’t.
2786	If you add their advice to the official style guide, you should be well on your way to creating really great Arduino libraries.
2787	If you are looking for alternative ways to effectively remove stains from white clothes, you can try rubbing them with crushed aspirin tablets.
2788	If you are running a script manually from the Google Script Editor, you can click “Cancel” to abort a running script but this option is not available when the script is running through an HTML Service powered web app or as a Google Add-on.
2789	If you are running script on un-supported Linux version (which is not mentioned in SUPPORT_MAP list) then you will see below error.
2790	If you are running scripts that rely on repeated connections, having burned proxies, or burned proxies in a rotating proxy pool, can slow down or even curtail your application.
2791	If you are unable to shave closely, shave across the growth using horizontal strokes instead of vertical ones.
2792	If you are unfamiliar with the term (as I was until I came across it in the official style-book I was handed when I joined this newspaper sometime during the Bronze Age), a klong is defined, colloquially, as "a cold rush of excrement to the heart," usually occasioned by the realization that one has committed a serious error.
2793	If you can get a great seal with the included ear tips, you'll get excellent sound.
2794	If you can obtain a great seal with among the consisted of collections of ear ideas, the 75 t does a great task of sound seclusion and also silencing down your environments.
2795	If you couldn’t verify your right to own what you are selling, you make the buyer vulnerable to all kinds of mischief at a later time.In recent decades scholars have unearthed a vast supply of tablets and inscriptions detailing ownership records in many parts of the Near East.
2796	If you decide you’re not going to continue using this shortcut, you should disable running scripts in Shortcuts and stop allowing JavaScript from Apple Events in Safari.
2797	If you eliminate the words and border, the Great Seal becomes the Coat of Arms.
2798	If you follow Kensington Palace’s thread, they describe the details of the formal scroll, like the symbolic references to Meghan, from the rose (the national flower of America) to the golden poppies (the state flower of California, Meghan’s birthplace) to the olive branches from the Great Seal of the U.S. That’s all very lovely and actually really cool.
2799	If you go closer to the Column, you can see in the bas-reliefs on the north and south faces of its pedestal, the obverse and reverse sides of the Great Seal of the Empire.
2800	If you got an error like this while running a script, this quick tip will help you to fix “Exec format error” when running scripts with run-parts command in Linux.
2801	If you had to find letters lurking in its form, you might spy an ‘S’ overlain with a squeezed, bend-less ‘U’ providing its vertical strokes.
2802	If you have a hard time with scrubbing the baking and grilling trays in your oven, then you should pop them into you bathtub, add some hot water and dishwashing tablets or dishwashing soap, and leave them to soak for about 3 hours.
2803	If you have a long running script that you are working on improving, it can be useful to figure out exactly how long the script or command takes to run so you’ll know for sure whether the next run was faster or slower than the first one.
2804	If you have a smaller head, you might struggle to get a great seal with them.
2805	If you have dry skin, use downward strokes.
2806	If you have long running scripts like these, it’s much better to delegate them to the background via message queues or other means, and make sure your client-facing script is as fast as you can make it.
2807	If you have small ears, we recommend you to use the small silicone ear tips or the memory foam tips to make great seal in your ears and avoid causing pain.
2808	If you like the look and feel of hand-crafted, self-made art on rough-edged paper, you will love this exploration and expression of community letterpress, print making, and book arts creation.
2809	If you look at my artwork and see how intricate it is, it’s probably not too far a stretch to say that I’d be good at Chinese calligraphy and writing it is my favorite part of learning the language.
2810	If you look at our net interest expense in the formal script, we’d expect that to be at about $8 million.
2811	If you look closely, you’ll see that the Paratroopa has a small seal on it.
2812	If you see a seal with a white, long-hair coat in the autumn/winter months, or a small seal alone between June and August, it could be abandoned.
2813	If you spot a small seal (less than a metre in length) alone between June and August, then it is probably still suckling from its mother and you should check the sea regularly for any sign of an adult seal.
2814	If you visit China, you can see Chinese calligraphy used on temple name plaques and shop signs.
2815	If you want to add artistic designs or hand-lettering to your fabric, there’s nothing better than these unique Stained By Sharpie markers, which feature flexible brush tips so you can switch between drawing thick and thin lines.
2816	If you want to explore ZBrush further, we've put together a handy set of ZBrush tips to help you master the software.
2817	If you want to gain in-depth insights into the Four Treasures of the Study market, know what the post-COVID prospects and business revenue look like, check out the latest market research report on the Four Treasures of the Study market.
2818	If you want to read about more hacks, we shared how cleaning fanatics are using dishwasher tablets to get grimey oven trays sparkling with no scrubbing.
2819	If you would like to practice calligraphy when you get back home, you can also buy Chinese calligraphy supplies to take home with you.
2820	If you zoom in on his white boots, you’ll be able to pick out some cursive script on the toes of them.
2821	If you're not sure what to do, it is really better to wait for the official script from AlmaLinux developers.
2822	If you're sure your bread box has a great sealing system, the rest is all about aesthetics and convenience.
2823	If you're wondering why some shades in this range have a brush tip and others have a felt tip, it's all to accommodate what works best for each particular shade.
2824	If you, like me, have trust issues with arbitrarily running scripts from the internet, click on the script above and take a longer look to see what it does.
2825	If you’re a beginner, Luna suggests trying out different brush tips with more accessible brands to determine which type you work best with before making a pricier investment.
2826	If you’re able to travel to parks farther south where peak week is later, during late-October, he says you can also check out Great Seal State Park in Chillicothe or Hocking Hills State Park in Logan.
2827	If you’re always on the go, the best concealers for you would be those in a pen format, that come with a brush tip for easy blending.
2828	If you’re especially concerned or will be bringing it into a high-humidity environment, you can also place individual elements, such as lenses and bodies, into small sealable plastic bags before coming inside.
2829	If you’re in a jam, you could attempt to make them function, but the AirPods Pro’s excellent seem top quality and energetic noise cancellation depend seriously on a great seal in between the earbud and the wearer’s ear canal.
2830	If you’re looking for more ‘enlightenment’ than a wander around the temple can provide then you might want to consider arranging a visit to the temple’s regular Chinese calligraphy and poetry classes.
2831	If you’re looking to wrap your iPhone 11/Pro/Max in a new case, a variety of official styles from Apple are currently marked down at Amazon.
2832	If you’ve never been, you can expect dragon and lion dances, Kungfu performances, traditional Korean dances, Chinese calligraphy, crafts, and games.
2833	If you’ve spent that past year vigorously rubbing disinfectant cloths over your food or mail, or spraying that stringent stuff over your doorknobs and tabletops to avoid contracting COVID-19, I have some bad news for you: It was a gigantic, futile waste of time.
2834	Image 1 of 4 The 40-character inscription of proto-alphabetic characters on the inner and outer surfaces of the folded lead tablet appears to include a three-letter version of Yahweh, one of the Hebrew names of God.
2835	Image zoom The Great Seal of the United States, designed by Tiffany.
2836	Image: Impression from an 1877 die of the Great Seal as used in 1879 by President Hayes.
2837	Images of the front and back of the Great Seal can be found on the reverse side of the $1 bill.
2838	Imagine purchasing a rare scroll of calligraphy, penned by Chinese leader Mao Zedong, valued at around $420m, for just $90.
2839	Immigration Pluribus Unum”Out of Many, One Our motto on the Great Seal of the United States is “E Pluribus Unum” which is translated as “out of many, one”.
2840	Imperial chamberlains presented him with two of Japan’s sacred treasures — a sword representing valor and a jewel representing benevolence — as well as the Privy Seal and the Great Seal of Japan, the seals of the emperor and state, respectively.
2841	Imperial chamberlains will carry the Privy Seal and the Great Seal of Japan — the seals of the emperor and state, respectively — as well two of Japan’s three sacred treasures into the room.
2842	Impressed with the cobalt-highlighted name, “John, L, Wessell” and the date “September 15th 1806,” the pitcher showed a spread-winged Federal eagle clutching an olive branch and arrows in its talons, as well as a patriotic shield, similar to the original 1782 design of the Great Seal of the United States.
2843	Improved display of cursive scripts (on Windows).
2844	In 1611, it was bought as the family seat of Sir Thomas Bedingfield, Commissioner of the Great Seal for Charles I, whose coat of arms still adorns the south wall.
2845	In 1688, The House of Lords and House of Commons agreed that King James II had abdicated after he fled to France and threw the Great Seal of the Realm into the Thames.
2846	In 1705, he was sworn into the Privy Council and became Lord Keeper of the Great Seal.
2847	In 1776, a committee of Benjamin Franklin, John Adams and Thomas Jefferson suggested the United States adopt "E pluribus unum" -- "Out of many, one" -- as the motto for its Great Seal.
2848	In 1776, our founders claimed the new nation aspired to achieve e pluribus unum—“out of many, one”—the motto on our Great Seal and currency.
2849	In 1777, the New Jersey Great Seal was created using five symbols, each representing something unique about New Jersey.
2850	In 1780, Hopkinson requested payment for his design of the U.S. flag and the Great Seal.
2851	In 1782 Thomson designed the first Great Seal of America and chose what was widely considered the de facto motto of the United States: ‘E pluribus unum’ (One out of many), an expression of Thomson’s fervent belief in the importance of the unity of the States.
2852	In 1782, Congress approved "E Pluribus Unum" be added to the Great Seal of the United States.
2853	In 1782, Congress approved the Great Seal of the United States, featuring the emblem of the bald eagle.
2854	In 1782, as the Revolutionary War raged on and the design of what would become the Great Seal of the United States was finalized, a Black woman named Belinda Sutton petitioned the Massachusetts legislature for reparations from her enslaver and won.
2855	In 1782, the U.S. Congress authorized creation of the great seal of the United States.
2856	In 1782, the U.S. Congress authorized creation of the great seal of the United States.
2857	In 1782, the US Congress approved the creation of the United States Great Seal.
2858	In 1782, the bald eagle was named the national bird of the United States and placed on the Great Seal of the country, according to the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs.
2859	In 1782, the bald eagle was named the national bird of the United States, and it was displayed on the Great Seal of the nation, per the U.S. Department of Veteran’s Affairs.
2860	In 1782, the phrase E Pluribus Unum was adopted as part of the Great Seal of the United States.
2861	In 1782, the then-Congress of the United States approved the Latin phrase, “E pluribus unum,” — “Out of many, one” — for the Great Seal of the United States.
2862	In 1782: Congress approved the Great Seal of the United States, featuring the emblem of the bald eagle.
2863	In 1798 the silver dollar adapted the Heraldic Eagle reverse designed by Robert Scot based on the Great Seal of the United States.
2864	In 1798 the silver dollar adapted the Heraldic Eagle reverse designed by Scot based on the Great Seal of the United States.
2865	In 1804, Scot fabricated a reverse device punch for the Draped Bust quarter dollar using the Heraldic Eagle design he created eight years earlier based on the Great Seal of the United States.
2866	In 1877 he was approached by the U.S. Government to submit a Great Seal used to validate international U.S. government documents.
2867	In 1885 Tiffany was responsible for the redesign of the Great Seal of the United States, which made the previously long and skinny eagle’s legs more muscular, apparently to match the country’s muscular ambitions.
2868	In 1911, a stone tablet with inscriptions discovered in Sri Lanka spoke of Chinese explorer Zheng He making multiple visits to the island country to expand trade and friendship between the two countries.
2869	In 1935, President Roosevelt received a new design for the bill from the Department of the Treasury that featured both sides of the Great Seal, but Roosevelt made some changes and switched the images around — ultimately leading to the pyramid on the left side of the bill and the eagle on the right.
2870	In 1945 the Soviet equivalent of Boy Scouts gifted the US Ambassador to Moscow a large carved wooden plaque of the Great Seal of the United States.
2871	In 1945, at the end of the Second World War, the US ambassador to the Soviet Union, W Averell Harriman, was given a carving of The Great Seal of the United States by his host nation.
2872	In 1945, the Russians gave a wooden copy of the Great Seal of the United States to the US Ambassador to Moscow.
2873	In 1945, the Soviets presented the American Ambassador in Moscow with a carving of the Great Seal of United States.
2874	In 1945, the eagle on the Great Seal switched from looking toward the arrows of war to looking toward the olive branch of peace.
2875	In 1952, the Great Seal of the Navajo Tribe was adopted by the Tribal Council.
2876	In 1960, U.N. Ambassador Henry Cabot Lodge accused the Soviets during a meeting of the Security Council of hiding a microphone inside a wood carving of the Great Seal of the United States that had been presented to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow.
2877	In 1960, U.N. Ambassador Henry Cabot Lodge accused the Soviets of hiding a microphone inside a wood carving of the Great Seal of the United States that had been presented to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow.
2878	In 1966, Congress passed a law to place restrictions on the display of the Great Seal of the United States.
2879	In 1970, the building was slated to be demolished, but Mississippi Freedom Rider-turned-park ranger Alexander Weiss discovered poems written in Chinese calligraphy in the detention barracks.
2880	In 1977,the U.S. Department of State declared that Pickard would manufacture the country's patriotic dinnerware, all depicting the Great Seal of the United States.
2881	In 1978, the Swoosh switched from a line drawing to a solid, black checkmark and the Nike wordmark went from a cursive script to italic, all-caps in Futura Bold.
2882	In 1988 the first of three Great Seal of the United States Official Mail postal cards was issued.
2883	In 1993, buoyed by three years of SNES sales and at the height of its success, Nintendo decided to get its brand in order by creating an official style guide for all of its major characters, from Mario to Samus.
2884	In 2003, the Jharkhand government recognised it as the official script for the Kurukh language.
2885	In 2009, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) gave Chinese calligraphy intangible heritageExternal link status.
2886	In 2010, "Dizhuming", a Chinese calligraphy scroll by Huang Tingjian - Su Shi's student - sold for US$64 million at Poly Auction in Beijing.
2887	In 2010, "Dizhuming", a Chinese calligraphy scroll by Huang Tingjian -- Su Shi's student -- sold for $64 million at Poly Auction in Beijing.
2888	In 2010, "Dizhuming", a Chinese calligraphy scroll by Huang Tingjian -- Su Shi´s student -- sold for $64 million at Poly Auction in Beijing.
2889	In 2010, "Dizhuming", a Chinese calligraphy scroll by Huang Tingjian -- Su Shi’s student -- sold for $64 million at Poly Auction in Beijing.
2890	In 2010, "Dizhuming", a Chinese calligraphy scroll by Huang Tingjian Su Shi's student sold for $64 million at Poly Auction in Beijing.
2891	In 2010, "Dizhuming," a Chinese calligraphy scroll by Huang Tingjian - Su Shi's student - sold for $64 million at Poly Auction in Beijing.
2892	In 2010, Dizhuming, a Chinese calligraphy scroll by Huang Tingjian - Su Shi's student - sold for US$64 million at Poly Auction in Beijing.
2893	In 2010, Dizhuming, a Chinese calligraphy scroll by Huang Tingjian - Su Shi’s student - sold for $64 million at Poly Auction in Beijing.
2894	In 2010, Dizhuming, a Chinese calligraphy scroll by Huang Tingjian - Su's student - sold for $64 million at a Poly Auction sale held in Beijing.
2895	In 2010, Dizhuming, a Chinese calligraphy scroll by Huang Tingjian - Su's student - sold for US$64 million at Poly Auction in Beijing.
2896	In 2010, “Dizhuming,” a Chinese calligraphy scroll by Huang Tingjian — Su Shi's student — sold for US$64 million at Poly Auction in Beijing.
2897	In 2010, “Dizhuming”, a Chinese calligraphy scroll by Huang Tingjian - Su Shi’s student - sold for $64 million at Poly Auction in Beijing.
2898	In 2010, “Dizhuming”, a Chinese calligraphy scroll by Huang Tingjian — Su Shi’s student — sold for $64 million at Poly Auction in Beijing.
2899	In 2011, Aniston paid tribute to Norman by getting her first-ever tattoo: his name inked on the inside of her foot in cursive script.
2900	In 2011, Mr Jamieson illuminated the Royal Letters Patent issued under the Great Seal of the Realm issuing Prince William with his Duke of Cambridge wedding day title.
2901	In 2011, the Friends actor paid a tribute to her dog by getting its name tattooed on her foot in a cursive script.
2902	In 2013, British Airways excitingly opened the London Heathrow to Chengdu non-stop route, operating using a Boeing 777 aircraft with its nose painted as a panda’s face and traditional Chinese calligraphy on the fuselage.
2903	In 2013, the Ring of Silvianus was put on display for the first time, along with the inscription of the curse tablet and various memorabilia from the Tolkien Society, so you can go see it for yourself.
2904	In 2014, Tan's 60sec ink-on-rice-paper work titled Portrait of Bada Shanren (2013) sold for a record 20.7 million yuan (S$4.4 million) at an auction in Beijing.
2905	In 2014, she and then-First Lady Michelle Obama visited a Chinese calligraphy class in Beijing and walked together through the Forbidden City.
2906	In 2016, she was appointed Minister of Justice and Attorney General, Keeper of the Great Seal of the Province of Manitoba, and Deputy Premier.
2907	In 2016, she was appointed Minister of Justice and Attorney General, Keeper of the Great Seal of the Province of Manitoba, and deputy premier.
2908	In 2017, he ordered the official script of the Kazakh language to be switched from Cyrillic to Latin, an expensive undertaking that infuriated some Russian officials.
2909	In 2019, China Post published the stamp collector’s edition of “Calligraphy and Painting: Liu Jianling’s Calligraphy and Painting Works”, and won the honorary titles of master of Chinese art heritage, leader of Chinese calligraphy and painting brands in the new era, etc.
2910	In A'+Z bar, Brush is a strikingly hyper-realistic depiction of a Chinese calligraphy brush on Korean rice paper by Lee Jung-woong.
2911	In Ancient Greek mythology, Pegasus, the flying white horse, was born from the pooling lifeblood of the gorgon Medusa as Perseus, heroic slayer of monsters, cut her head off.
2912	In April and May, rising temperatures spur the growth of new leaves, and mature buds burst and fall — leading to flying white balls and pollen.
2913	In April, Travis unveiled a chest piece that reads "Kourtney" in cursive script.
2914	In April, Travis unveiled a chest piece that reads 'Kourtney' in cursive script.
2915	In April, Travis unveiled a chest piece that reads 'Kourtney' in cursive script.As reported by E!
2916	In April, the Bosnian Podrinje Cantonal Assembly’ Constitutional-Legal Committee held a session to discuss Bosic’s claim, deeming them unfounded as the Canton had amended its constitution in 2003 adding references to Serbs as a constituent people, the Serb language as an official language and Cyrillic as an official script.
2917	In August 1776, a debate for designing a new great seal for the republic took place.
2918	In August 1776, while serving on the subcommittee to come up with the design of the Great Seal of the United States — which now appears on the back of the $1 bill — Franklin proposed the above scene.
2919	In August 1945, with the Second World War over in Europe, a group of boys from a Soviet youth organisation travelled to the US embassy in Moscow, carrying a hand-carved plaque of the great seal of the USA, which they gave to W.
2920	In Brush Panel, you can customise things like background or foreground jitter, opacity jitter, flow jitter, brush tip shape, configure control, scattering for each variation.
2921	In Canada, it has been detected in marine mammals ranging from small seals to bowhead whales, in birds like snow geese and in terrestrial mammals like caribou — all of them hunted for subsistence by indigenous people.
2922	In Chinese calligraphy, I’m told, the word for “busy” has two characters translated as “heart” and “killing.” Heart killing.
2923	In Chinese calligraphy, she found the light.
2924	In Chinese calligraphy, the word “crisis” can also be read as the word “opportunity”.
2925	In City Landscape (1955), short, horizontal strokes knit together a variegated skyline that evokes Chicago’s foggy reflection in Lake Michigan.
2926	In December 1688, James II whilst trying to flee to France, threw the ‘Great Seal of the Realm’ into which river?
2927	In December 2012, the Queen issued a Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the Realm declaring “all the children of the eldest son of the Prince of Wales should have and enjoy the style, title and attribute of royal highness with the titular dignity of Prince or Princess prefixed to their Christian names or with such other titles of honour”.
2928	In December 2012, when Kate was around three months pregnant, the Queen issued a Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the Realm declaring "all the children of the eldest son of the Prince of Wales should have and enjoy the style, title and attribute of royal highness with the titular dignity of Prince or Princess prefixed to their Christian names or with such other titles of honour".
2929	In Dongara, some 351 km northwest of Perth, more than a century-old leather-bound book containing entries written in Gurmukhi -- the official script of the Punjabi language -- has been found.
2930	In Dongara, some 351 km northwest of Perth, more than a century-old leather-bound book containing entries written in Gurmukhi – the official script of the Punjabi language – has been found.
2931	In Edinburgh, Scotland, Chinese along with locals celebrated the event with a wide range of activities, including concerts, a light show, and opportunities for residents to try their hand at Chinese calligraphy, CGTN reported.
2932	In France they still take pride in the schools in teaching cursive script and it’s a pleasure to see an exercise book of a young scholar.
2933	In GUN MACHINE, I’m writing about a disruptive event: a small sealed Manhattan apartment filled with hundreds of guns, each one used in a single unsolved homicide.
2934	In Israel, PMI released a series of iSupergoal soccer trading cards which enable users to add players to their fantasy teams by simply rubbing the cards against a phone or tablet screen while a special app is running.
2935	In January this year, the last visible Tiananmen memorial, in the form of Chinese calligraphy on a lane of road (updated each year by students) was asphalted over at the University of Hong Kong by traffic workers.
2936	In Japan, the tusks are commonly used to make "hanko" name seals, which, when dipped in red ink and stamped on paper, are used as a signature in a wide range of transactions.
2937	In Lady Bund, different East Asian cultural elements converge to both communicate the restaurant’s culinary style and frame the space: Japanese ceramic eggs can be found near Chinese calligraphy brushes, and Sarachi wraps cover walls, ceilings and antique busts.
2938	In Leicestershire, the following pubs are taking part: The Lord Keeper of the Great Seal in The Parade, Oadby, The Baron of Hinckley in Regent Street, Hinckley, The Sugar Loaf in High Street, Market Harborough, The Kettleby Cross in Wilton Road, Melton Mowbray, The William Wygston in Leicester Road, Wigston and The Monkey Walk in Marlborough Square, Coalville.
2939	In MATLAB Programming and Problem Solving, you’ll go over the basics of running scripts, writing code, and other operations that make the often complex world of data analysis and visualization infinitely simpler.
2940	In May of last year, he got yet another tattoo in tribute to his wife written in black cursive script – showing his wedding vows which he shared at their wedding in April.
2941	In May of that year, Arab fighters vowing revenge for Deir Yassin killed 129 members of the kibbutz of Kfar Etzion, even though they were flying white flags.
2942	In May, he got yet another tattoo in tribute to his wife written in black cursive script – showing his wedding vows which he shared at their wedding in April.
2943	In Namaz, we see influences of Chinese calligraphy.
2944	In New Brunswick, Lieutenant Governor Brenda Murphy issued and read a formal proclamation under the Great Seal of the Province of New Brunswick proclaiming the new Monarch.
2945	In October 2015, Ken Shirriff submitted a proposal to Unicode, to have the currency symbols, the serif capital B with the two vertical strokes, added to the standard.
2946	In October 2015, Tim Cook, CEO of Apple Inc., came to Hangzhou and paid a visit to Wang Dongling to learn Chinese calligraphy from him.
2947	In Phulpur the Samajwadi Party took an early lead and held on to it.As trends began to turn the way of the Samajwadi Party in Gorakhpur, a top official scripted a major political controversy by banning the media from the area where votes were being counted.
2948	In Salt Spring Coast and Coast, strong vertical strokes evoke drama in a muted blue sky, cerulean ocean, dark green forest and the whites and greys of rock.
2949	In September 2003, the Jharkhand government had recognised Tolong Siki as the official script for the Kurukh language.
2950	In Testimony Whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and caused to be affixed the Great Seal of the State of Iowa.
2951	In Thorp Street there was a children’s workshop where they could make lanterns and masks and learn Chinese calligraphy.
2952	In Your Element, ancient ritual practice and cursive script are illuminated by laser light, a contemporary excavation of spiritual tradition and myth.
2953	In a 2017 move that angered some Russian officials, Nazarbayev ordered the official script of the Kazakh language to be switched from the Cyrillic to the Latin, or Roman, alphabet.
2954	In a bid to enrich people's intellectual and cultural lives, Suzhou Art Museum has held several exhibitions of Chinese calligraphy and painting works during the Spring Festival holiday, according to a staff member at the museum.
2955	In a bid to look for rare rubbings and engraved tablets from ancient masters, He traveled thousands of miles within three years and reproduced piles of rubbings.
2956	In a cellar he found a broken marble tablet that bore an incomplete inscription: NELIUS.
2957	In a covered shed behind the main hall are 10 large tablets with inscriptions in Pali and Mon describing the history of Buddhism in Myanmar.
2958	In a cursive script, his forehead reads 'Natural Born Killer,' directly above the SS Lightening Bolt logo of the Nazi's Shutzstaffel paramilitary force.
2959	In a formal script presentation, with an all-male line-up of account executives and creatives all sat on a long, low couch with the creative director perched behind a high desk, I stood up to present my idea.
2960	In a further attempt to carry the body of Joe Biden to victory in November’s election, the media has also made other changes to their official stylebook.
2961	In a joint performance, she did Chinese calligraphy and he did Chinese painting.
2962	In a landmark report on UAPs in 2021, the Director of National Intelligence flipped the official script on these sightings, acknowledging that reports of mysterious flying objects in the night sky seem to be at least somewhat credible.
2963	In a large cursive script, lettering on the hat reads “Eli” on its left side, with the phrase “live passionately” printed below.
2964	In a new video shared to her Instagram on Tuesday, Smith lifted her chin to show a thin line of cursive script showing the word "invincible" near her jawline.
2965	In a personal touch specific to the family, the table spread also featured a large red bauble shaped helium balloon, with the words "Special elf delivery, The Radfords” printed in a white cursive script.
2966	In a picture posted to Instagram on Friday (11 November), Lopez can be seen wearing a nameplate necklace that spells out “Jennifer & Ben” in cursive script.
2967	In a separate statement, the Education Ministry said the decorations were part of a state-level Chinese calligraphy competition that the school is hosting.
2968	In a small sealable container, add the dressing ingredients and shake well.
2969	In a surprising move, CBS has scheduled Rules of Engagement on Saturdays, a night where no other broadcast network is running scripted originals.
2970	In addition to a light-up rainbow, one of the walls featured Ender's name in cursive script and multi-colored letters.
2971	In addition to being attractive, it offers noteworthy views, including the Great Seal of Minneapolis, which is mounted on the lobby wall.
2972	In addition to delicious cookies and generous hampers, the bazaar also features stores drawing on the rich heritage of Chinese culture – including oil paintings, stone carvings, cooper vases, Chinese art, Chinese calligraphy, jade objects and a Feng Shui Master offering consultations for a prosperous year ahead.
2973	In addition to entries in gazetteers, there are tablet inscriptions, tomb sites, memorial shrines, and statues dedicated to her.
2974	In addition to historical masterpieces, such as a graceful bronze sculpture of the Hindu goddess Parvati from southern India (13th century) and Chinese artist Wen Zhengming’s hanging scroll that pairs painting and calligraphy, “The First Prose Poem on the Red Cliff” (1588), the galleries also feature works of modern and contemporary art.
2975	In addition to its official formal and informal usage in governance, education and social interactions, the Jawi script has developed into an artistic expression called khat just like the Roman and Chinese calligraphy.
2976	In addition to learning how to speak Chinese, all Inchin Closer classes teach students Chinese characters, Chinese calligraphy and facts about the Chinese language, which helps them understand the country’s culture and business etiquette better.
2977	In addition to making claims such as, "IMPORTANT COVID-19 ECONOMIC STIMULUS DOCUMENTS ENCLOSED," the mailers used the Great Seal of the United States and contained a fake "Stimulus Relief Program" check.
2978	In addition to redesigning the space to showcase Ms MIN's interpretation of A Sense of Place, Liu Min and Ian Hylton will also coordinate special fashion showings and crafting experiences – including a Chinese calligraphy lesson – for guests of the suite to enjoy.
2979	In addition to resurrecting the cursive script logo for their new road uniforms, the Pirates have also put it on their new black road alternates as well.
2980	In addition to running scripts at regular intervals, Retool Workflows can also use webhooks for a more event-driven approach.
2981	In addition to scripting the Apps and Windows on your Mac, Shortcuts also provides actions for the Script Editor app, the native tool Apple provides for creating and running scripts using AppleScript or JavaScript for Automation.
2982	In addition to seven live cooking stations, a Chinese Tea Ceremony will take place, as will custom drawings of Chinese calligraphy, and a traditional Dragon Dance, all atop the Ritz Carlton in downtown.
2983	In addition to the Chinese New Year celebration, which was performed in front of North students and teachers, administration members including Superintendent Jeff Hauswald, JCMS principal Kristin Poage and assistant principal Dominick Stella joined one of Wang’s classes to learn how to write Chinese calligraphy.
2984	In addition to the confection’s anatomical shape, it also included the cheeky line, “Same penis forever” written in a fancy cursive script along the side.
2985	In addition to the exchanges in the frontier radio and television media field, Yang Jie, chairman of Henan Calligrapher’s Association of China, was specially invited to give a lecture on “great beauty – Chinese calligraphy” and wrote two precious works for Pakistani friends on the spot.
2986	In addition to the hair clippings, the frame features engravings of the couple and a gilded version of the Great Seal’s observe, which shows a bald eagle holding an olive branch in its right talon and three arrows in its left.
2987	In addition to the magical qualities of the brush tips, the Nomad Compose’s precision-milled barrel is well balanced in the hand.
2988	In addition to the oral and written Chinese language, Chinese calligraphy, paper cutting, paintings, martial arts, songs, dances, musical instruments, and more enrichment subjects are taught at the academy.The academy also promotes positive American citizenry, civic involvement, community services and cultural exchange.
2989	In addition to the super brush tip and a medium broad tip combo, the barrel is a slightly smaller size, making the it fun and easy for young artists to use.
2990	In addition, The Lord Keeper of the Great Seal in The Parade, Oadby, The Sugar Loaf in High Street, Market Harborough, The Kettleby Cross in Wilton Road, Melton, The William Wygston in Leicester Road, Wigston, and The Monkey Walk in Marlborough Square, Coalville, will all be taking part.
2991	In addition, a patch for all files required to modify MinION running scripts compatible with MinKNOW 1.3.23 only is available (Supplementary Code 1).
2992	In addition, he will join the director of Marriage Story, Noah Baumbach, in the official script.
2993	In addition, holiday arts and crafts including Chinese calligraphy and paper cutting remained on display in the hallway near the Center for Global Learning during the entire week.
2994	In addition, it offers personal interest courses, such as yoga, fashion, guitar, and Chinese calligraphy.
2995	In addition, it provides greater sealing against air flow than other foamed plastic products, which can increase the energy efficiency of buildings.
2996	In addition, lines are an essential component of this technique, as they convey a sense of dynamic movement… vertical strokes that penetrate the tapestry like rays.
2997	In addition, remote support, application install / uninstall or running scripts you have prepared can be easily done.
2998	In addition, the Four Treasures of the Study market report lengthily focuses on the various growth strategies implemented by the important service providers which may encompass mergers & acquisitions, agreements, partnerships, and others.
2999	In addition, the Four Treasures of the Study market report sheds light on the market distinctiveness, growth and volume, regional and country breakdowns, market segmentation, strategies market shares, and trends, and competitive breakdown of the global Four Treasures of the Study market.
3000	In addition, the analysis also predicts the CAGR at which Four Treasures of the Study is expected to grow and the main drivers of market growth.
3001	In addition, the entire body of the number (the continuous horizontal bars and vertical strokes) exclusive of any border(s) shall be approximately 1½-inches wide.
3002	In addition, the entire body of the number (the continuous horizontal bars and vertical strokes) exclusive of any border(s)shall be approximately 1½-inches wide.
3003	In addition, the global Four Treasures of the Study market report helps consumers to recognize the market challenges and opportunities.
3004	In addition, the pictograms for the 2022 Games were inspired by Chinese calligraphy and seal carvings.
3005	In addition, there are also a small number of official script, seal script and cursive script plaques.
3006	In addition, they arrive with three ear tips in S, M and L in the box, which provided a great seal and a decent amount of passive noise cancellation as a result, suppressing the rumble of the train on my commute.
3007	In addition, users on mobile and tablet devices can also slide their finger up and down while scrubbing — without releasing — to reveal the scrubber bar and see exactly where they’re placing the playhead.
3008	In all of the 12 NFTs, the Chinese calligraphy represented by the character “Fu” appears in the middle against a background made from the patterns of blue-and-white ceramics.
3009	In all these running scripts, the abductors always failed.
3010	In an attempt to protest against the British and Hong Kong governments, which he believed had robbed him of his ancestor's land in Kowloon, the self-proclaimed royalty began covering different facades around the city in 1956 with his unique Chinese calligraphy.
3011	In an autumn hundreds of years ago, when the painter Dong Qichang was on a boat in Wumen and Jingkou, he painted the autumn scenery in the south of the Yangtze River with “the beautiful peaks are like clusters, and the Sichuan plains are wild”.
3012	In an effort to show his deep affection for China, the 71-year-old professor specially wore a red tie with golden Chinese characters in cursive script for the interview.
3013	In ancient China, the character for "hope" also represented the word for "rarity" or "valuable." Hence, sanxi can also mean three treasures - in this case it refers to the three treasured works by the famous ancient calligraphers Wang Xizhi, Wang Xianzhi and Wang Xun that Qianlong once stored in this room.
3014	In ancient Mesopotamia, only a small group of people were sufficiently literate as to read a tablet or an inscription.
3015	In and of itself a unique art form, Chinese calligraphy is a grand cultural treasure for both the country and the world.
3016	In another nod to Markle, olive branches (also featured in the Great Seal of the United States) appear under these symbolic flowers.
3017	In any case my mission was to observe “observers” and engage with the ordinary voters while my colleague Phillip makabongo (chair migori county) was to stick to the official script.
3018	In any case, the dishwasher tablet hack at least turned an arduous task of scrubbing away oil into something that took seconds — and that can only be a good thing.
3019	In art, you have the official style of the academy opposed to the challenges of the Impressionists.
3020	In attempting to bring to reality the words of the great seal of the United States: E pluribus Unum, the unum (one) does not supplant or deny the pluribus (many)—it becomes a new reality of oneness and strength because of the many who enhance it by their diversity.
3021	In broad horizontal strokes, the CMA spreads over three floors rising from a square shaped footprint of 80 by 80 meters, providing both educational functions and spaces dedicated to supporting craft business.
3022	In capital W, check the motion a little at the base line in the first main downward stroke, as this will aid in the construction of the last part.
3023	In carved porcelain, figures, patterns and Chinese calligraphy are carved with special tools to produce beautiful chinaware.
3024	In case you make horizontal or vertical strokes, the chances are that your surface will get damaged.
3025	In celebration of the upcoming exhibition, as well as the much-anticipated start of the 2019 race season at Chester, official style partner for the Boodles May Festival, McArthurGlen, Cheshire Oaks have unveiled a fashion installation at the centre showcasing raceday fashion through the ages.
3026	In central Ohio, Parrott recommends Great Seal State Park near Chillicothe.
3027	In collaboration with the New York Chinese Cultural Center, Saturday, families can watch a lion dance, experience Chinese calligraphy workshops and more.
3028	In conjunction with Singapore Art Week, iPreciation is presenting a solo exhibition by Chinese calligrapher and ink artist Wang Dongling, who is best known for his public performances involving large format wild cursive script, a Chinese calligraphic style characterised by its erratic and dynamic strokes.
3029	In cursive script, the word Almanzo splays out about four inches long, the letters in bold red ink outlined with black.
3030	In designing the Great Seal, Thomson placed the words “Novus Ordo Seclorum” beneath a pyramid of 13 steps to represent the 13 colonies that laid the foundation of American democracy.
3031	In doing so, he was not delivering a critique of the Great Seal but of a new medal issued by the Society of the Cincinnati, an association of Continental Army veterans.
3032	In earlier days, her father had taught her Chinese calligraphy and taken her to the beach, but he fought with her mother.
3033	In early November, Parliament had authorized the use of a new Great Seal, the highest symbol of sovereignty, and on 30 November it was entrusted to six parliamentary commissioners.
3034	In effect, Wen Zhengming, and presumably Zhao Bosu in the original, have told the story primarily in the figures, setting them into frames which reflect limited aspects of the story, but which assemble into a handscroll resembling a single synchronous landscape.
3035	In effect, the tablets are similar to the famous Rosetta Stone, which had an inscription in one known language (ancient Greek) in parallel with two unknown written ancient Egyptian scripts (hieroglyphics and demotic.) In this case, the known Akkadian phrases are helping researchers read written Amorite.
3036	In excavations carried out on behalf of the Israel Antiquities Authority in the City of David, within the Jerusalem Walls National Park and funded by the City of David Foundation, a small fragment of a stone tablet was discovered, bearing an inscription that was produced for financial purposes.
3037	In fact, US Secretary of State Antony Blinken even called off his visit to Beijing following the spotting of the flying white balloon in the American skies.
3038	In fact, Wang Xizhi, venerated as the greatest calligrapher in Chinese history, was a Tang dynasty general.
3039	In fact, as far back as the late 1990s, engineers employed service IDs on Linux to run cron jobs, which entailed such batch tasks as running scripts, updating reports, and more.
3040	In fact, as you can see on GreatSeal.com, Franklin’s design proposal for the Great Seal doesn’t even mention any feathered creatures.
3041	In fact, inscriptions found on stone tablets show that young people were driving their elders to distraction some 4000 years ago.
3042	In fact, only one of Cheng’s three children is following in his footsteps and teaching Chinese calligraphy,” she said.
3043	In fact, since 1782, it has been considered our national emblem, appearing on coins, the presidential flag, and the country’s Great Seal.
3044	In fact, the dress code is such a focal point of the festivities that there's an official style guide outlining all the do's and don't's of Ascot wear.
3045	In fact, the image on his pin was a copy of the great seal adopted by Virginia in 1861 after secession and used on battle flags of Confederate regiments.
3046	In fact, the team's implementation of backscatter principles was actually inspired by an incident during the Cold War, when the Soviets bugged a carving of the Great Seal of United States with a similar kind of battery-less listening device, before presenting it to the American Ambassador in Moscow as a gift.
3047	In fact, they specifically suggest that “development of an official style must be avoided.
3048	In factories, an army of young women painted the face dials using radium and for a finer tip on the end of their paint brushes, it was common to lick the brush tip.
3049	In fine cursive script of the day, Mrs Kincaid writes: “My dear husband, I got your address from your father.
3050	In her statement to WAM, Li explained the story of her presence in Dubai since 2000 and why she chose the UAE to be her second home after China, noting that she is highlighting the deep-rooted relations between the UAE and China through Chinese calligraphy and art, and presenting a good image of the Chinese people abroad by using art.
3051	In her statement to the Emirates News Agency (WAM), Li explained the story of her presence in Dubai since 2000 and why she chose the UAE to be her second home after China, noting that she is highlighting the deep-rooted relations between the UAE and China through Chinese calligraphy and art, and presenting a good image of the Chinese people abroad by using art.
3052	In his eyes, a line, as a basic element of Chinese calligraphy, is full of changes.
3053	In his latest works, the mixed media artist fuses the ideologies in Chinese calligraphy with the style of cold abstraction to deconstruct the structure of Chinese characters.
3054	In his solo exhibit at Free Market Gallery, on view until February 28, he’s combining traditional Chinese calligraphy with the language of the South to see how the two mix.
3055	In his spare time, Dr. Alper plays the recorder, and does Chinese calligraphy and cartooning.
3056	In his work, he integrated influences of Chinese calligraphy and the traditional art of knotting to create a distinct painting style that emphasizes on contour and forms.
3057	In honour of the star, Rochelle has the inner side of her wrist tattooed with the initials of herself and her husband Marvin: ie: R&M in cursive script.
3058	In interior circle, the licensee’s name is put above the Great Seal of New York together with license amounts, without different emails or numbers, is placed beneath the big Seal.
3059	In it are his drawings of familiar Royalist, Commonwealth and Restoration figures, including one of Lenthall sitting on his high-backed chair as he does on the Great Seal, only he’s much larger here: his right arm is raised, and his right index finger is pointed like a cricket umpire’s – as if to indicate someone’s time is up.
3060	In it, Franklin criticized the original design of the eagle for the Great Seal because it looked more like a turkey.
3061	In its depiction on the Great Seal, the Pyramid has 13 steps the sacred 12 and 1.
3062	In its place, he suggested a buffalo, a bible verse, or the Great Seal of the United States paired with his own name.
3063	In killing off the innocent, the wolves, the polar bears, even large portions of the great seal population on Namibia’s superb coast, the species that foster fascination and that welcome the heart and reason for living on Earth, we are taking wonder and the reason for living from the children.
3064	In large, gold cursive script, the cake reads, "Happy Birthday Mommy!
3065	In late October 2020, she took to Twitter to share a picture of a new cursive script that read "Jack" on her wrist.
3066	In multi-cloud environments, organizations rely on over-privileged IDs for various tasks – from running scripts to patching holes – because they are fast, cost-effective, and commit fewer errors than humans.
3067	In my childhood stories, I wore black cowboy boots, fought monsters with a shiny silver sword and rode a flying white horse named Brigid (named after Saint Brigid of Ireland who stole her father’s possessions and gave them to the poor, turned a fox into a pet, and prayed to be ugly so no one would marry her).
3068	In one last touching detail, underneath the whole design are olive branches, which are featured in the Great Seal of the United States.
3069	In one of the more creative uses of hair we’ve seen lately, Shurong Diao , an undergraduate graphic design student at the School of Visual Arts in New York, turns Rapunzel-rivaling locks into an alphabet inspired by the movement of ink in Chinese calligraphy.
3070	In one of those coincidences that would look trite in fiction, I can, as I sit here writing, shift my right knee six inches and touch 21 volumes of “HEARINGS BEFORE THE PRESIDENT’S COMMISSION ON THE ASSASSINATION OF PRESIDENT KENNEDY.” Sturdy blue volumes, each with the Great Seal of the United States on the cover.
3071	In one snap, the pair link arms and display their fresh ink - the word “angel” tattooed in a cursive script.
3072	In order to get the best results, Google states that it is important to have a great seal.
3073	In order to grant it to Edward, Charles would have issued a new Letters Patent - a document from a sovereign issued under the Great Seal of the Realm.
3074	In order to prepare medications for drop-off, they should be contained in the medication original container, a small sealed container or a small zip-lock baggie.
3075	In order to qualify for this list, an album or song must’ve been originally released in 2022 in an official style.
3076	In other news, cleaning fanatics are using dishwasher tablets to get grimey oven trays sparkling with no scrubbing.
3077	In our age of hyperpartisanship and polarization, we often forget the strength and symbolism in the national motto adopted by Congress and added to the Great Seal of the United States in 1782: E pluribus unum: Out of many, one.
3078	In particular, authors old and young, well-versed in the official script, carve out distinctive fictional worlds to confront and convey their own struggle with it.
3079	In particular, note the proper italic font includes a variant lowercase 'a' without the ascender, and bold characters have an even thickness to the stroke, rather than the wider vertical strokes on the faux-bold.
3080	In particular, tablets with Serbian-Cyrillic inscriptions have not been restored.
3081	In passing on what she knows and loves, Lee covers five basic script categories of Chinese calligraphy: clerical, seal, running, cursive and regular.
3082	In preparation for the year of the rabbit, customers at the iDecor Home shop in Petaling Street were picking out lanterns, plastic flowers, Chinese calligraphy stickers and rabbit-themed decorations among other things.
3083	In private rooms, guests staying overnight have a view overlooking the Great Seal, a pullout couch for visiting family and a private bathroom with a walk-in shower.
3084	In promoting these works the Design Excellence Program drew inspiration from the ‘Guiding Principles for Federal Architecture’ written for Kennedy in 1962 by Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan, which advocated the expression of contemporary values, avoiding ‘an official style’ and even recommending that government pay some “additional cost to avoid excessive uniformity” in federal buildings.
3085	In real time it analyzes the running scripts and recognizes malware behavior.
3086	In recent weeks, affected Malaysians have resorted to flying white flags to signal their need for food and a bit of cash to survive.
3087	In recent years, AI systems have also helped historians decipher ancient Persian scripts on cuneiform tablets and classify 3000-year-old Chinese oracle bone rubbings.
3088	In response to the requirements of RCRA, several states – including Minnesota, Iowa, New Jersey, Maine, Connecticut and Florida – enacted legislation to ban the disposal of nickel cadmium (Ni-Cd) and small sealed lead acid (SSLA) batteries into landfills and placed certain requirements on manufacturers to take them back for recycling.
3089	In return, Pompeo handed over a wooden box emblazoned with a variation of the Great Seal of the United States.
3090	In rope mode it acts as if you're dragging the brush tip at the end of a small rope – it sounds crazy but it's immediately intuitive and smooths brushstrokes really effectively.
3091	In school, I was lucky to have been asked to practise xiaokai (small regular script in Chinese calligraphy).
3092	In some editions Thursday, a Page One article about homes with faux Oval Offices incorrectly described a rug and a throw pillow that bear the Great Seal of the United States as bearing the presidential seal.
3093	In spite of all this, she keeps calm and carries on – a quality admired by the Queen who could not have given her granddaughter a greater seal of approval than loaning her a dress and a treasured tiara.
3094	In terms of character modeling, Wen Zhengming learned to imitate Zhao Mengfu’s brushwork, followed Gu Kaizhi, and mastered coloring.
3095	In terms of paint brushes my favourites are two pure petit gris Winsor & Newton ones, the Princeton Neptune Artist Brushes for Watercolor Series 4750, 4 Piece Professional Set 300 recently reviewed on the Doodlewash site, a surprisingly cheap, cheerful and very much used 8-piece Chinese calligraphy set, complemented by a few speciality Japanese brushes such as hake, surikomi etc.
3096	In terms of texture, absorbability and resistance to creasing, it’s ideal for classical Chinese calligraphy.
3097	In testimony whereof, I have caused the Great Seal of the State to be hereunto affixed GIVEN under my hand at Augusta this twenty-third day of March Two Thousand Twenty Two.
3098	In testimony whereof, I have here unto subscribed my name and caused the Great Seal of the State to be affixed at Iowa City, this first day of Nov.
3099	In the 1580s, he enjoyed a brilliantly successful Court career and was appointed to the offices of Secretary of State, Keeper of the Great Seal and Chancellor of Scotland.
3100	In the 1880s, a Toronto Telegram reporter wandered inside the stately church to ask about the tablet on the west wall, where a Latin inscription mentioned the heart of John Elmsley.
3101	In the 1880s, it was recognised by the British Raj as the official script of the courts of Bihar.
3102	In the 1970s, Lee was inspired by Chinese calligraphy and hyperrealism in the US, and began painting with airbrushes, the foundation said, adding that the tool helped Lee create a series of large paintings titled Big Calligraphy.
3103	In the 1970s, a Fold-Pak employee added a pagoda and "Thank You" mimicking Chinese calligraphy to the side of the box.
3104	In the 1970s, a Fold-Pak employee, a graphic designer whose name is unknown, decided to add a pagoda to the side of the box and added "Thank you" on top, stylized to mimic Chinese calligraphy.
3105	In the 1970s, a Fold-Pak employee, a graphic designer whose name is unknown, decided to add a pagoda to the side of the box and added “Thank you” on top, stylized to mimic Chinese calligraphy.
3106	In the 19th century, Zhao Zhiqian, a renowned Qing dynasty calligrapher with an interest in epigraphy -- the study of inscriptions -- crafted his own rendition of Beiwei Kaishu and, using a brush instead of a carving knife, revived the ancient style.
3107	In the 32 tombs excavated this time, a total of more than 500 pieces (groups) of various types of porcelain and pottery figurines were unearthed, including more than 40 pieces of official kiln porcelain and blue and white porcelain, and more than 100 pieces of stone inscriptions such as stone tablets and stone statues.
3108	In the 60s, these enigmatic configurations in his paintings resembled either hieroglyphic or graphic elements, in the manner of Chinese calligraphy, or concentrated areas of colour, similar to, but more pronounced and graphic than in the works of Barnett Newman or Mark Rothko.
3109	In the Chillicothe version of the game, players can purchase properties such as the Cavalier Skating Rink, the Pump House Center for the Arts, Great Seal State Park, Carl's Townhouse, Tecumseh!
3110	In the Global Four Treasures of the Study Market, every business runs on the image that is generated digitally in the current decade.
3111	In the Members’ Lobby at Stormont there is a memorial tablet for which I chose the inscription ‘Keep Alive The Light of Justice’.
3112	In the Register of the Great Seal for 1365, a charter of King David II confirms a grant of lands in Clackmannan to Robert Bruce, who is described in Latin as dilecto et fideli nostro consanguineo (our beloved and faithful kinsman).
3113	In the Register of the Great Seal for 1365, a charter of King David II of Scotland confirms a grant of lands in Clackmannan to Robert Bruce, described in Latin as 'our beloved and faithful kinsman'.
3114	In the Register of the Great Seal for 1365, a charter of King David II of Scotland confirms a grant of lands in Clackmannan to Robert Bruce, described in Latin as “our beloved and faithful kinsman”.
3115	In the Register of the Great Seal for 1365, a charter of King David II of Scotland, lands in Clackmannan were granted to Robert Bruce, who is described in the document in Latin as “our beloved and faithful kinsman”.
3116	In the Soviet Union, collage was used by avant garde artists and designers for both personal and commercial work as well as Communist propaganda before social realism was declared the official style of the state in 1934, presaging the arrest of the artist Gustav Klutsis, considered a father of Soviet photomontage.
3117	In the U.S., the Great Seal features a bald eagle holding 13 arrows and an olive branch.
3118	In the UK, HRH is an official style used to address princes (His Royal Highness) and princesses (Her Royal Highness) in the royal family.
3119	In the UK, faced with gaping holes in their narratives during recent weeks, major media outlets went into melt-down over journalists, academics and others departing from the official scripts on Syria and the Salisbury poisoning.
3120	In the United States, the settings include the Great Seal of the United States hanging above the event, along with the American flag, a solemn pledge of allegiance, a rendition of “God Bless America,” and a military parade.
3121	In the Year of the Pig set, the $1.20 stamp features the Chinese calligraphy for “pig.” This art form has been a key part of Chinese culture for centuries and continues to have an essential role in Chinese New Year celebrations today.
3122	In the YouTube video the young man browses Chinese-language books in a library, practices Chinese calligraphy with careful brushstrokes, introduces himself in Mandarin.
3123	In the aftermath of the inscription being used as building material for the mosque, Turkish authorities searched the village and found three inscribed bronze tablets that are now missing.
3124	In the afternoon, children took part in creative workshops where they painted on handmade panda figurines and learned about traditional Chinese calligraphy.
3125	In the background appears to be the city of Manhattan in nuclear fall-out, and the men sit in front of the pyramid of the Great Seal of the United States.
3126	In the basement, she found two thick, leather ledgers filled with columns written in Chinese calligraphy.
3127	In the box there are three nozzle attachments, the main carpet one, a smaller one for tighter spots and a brush tipped nozzle.
3128	In the box you'll find three sizes, and I had to switch out the default medium for your-ears-are-ginormous large before finding a great seal.
3129	In the brief clip, Cardi showed fans the red cursive script located on her jawline.
3130	In the brush presets panel, the default window is where to can determine the brush tip shape.
3131	In the case linked to the death, the drug was sold as a small blue tablet with the inscription “A/215” on it.
3132	In the center of the square, five calligraphers and calligraphy enthusiast Mei Zizhong, a representative of the National People’s Congress of Zhangwu Town, splashed ink on the spot and moved their brushes like flying, and a pair of Spring Festival couplets with beautiful, festive and auspicious meanings came alive on the paper.
3133	In the clip, his family explained that the cursive scripture on the inside of his right arm is actually represents the word ‘Brother’ written in Tamil which he got inked back in 2017.
3134	In the county, The Lord Keeper of the Great Seal in The Parade, Oadby, The Sugar Loaf in High Street, Market Harborough, The Kettleby Cross in Wilton Road, Melton Mowbray, The William Wygston in Leicester Road, Wigston and The Monkey Walk in Marlborough Square, Coalville will be getting involved.
3135	In the county, participating pubs are The Lord Keeper of the Great Seal in The Parade, Oadby, The Sugar Loaf in High Street, Market Harborough, The Kettleby Cross in Wilton Road, Melton Mowbray, The William Wygston in Leicester Road, Wigston and The Monkey Walk in Marlborough Square, Coalville.
3136	In the county, the pubs involved are The Lord Keeper of the Great Seal in The Parade, Oadby, The Sugar Loaf in High Street, Market Harborough, The Kettleby Cross in Wilton Road, Melton, The William Wygston in Leicester Road, Wigston and The Monkey Walk in Marlborough Square, Coalville.
3137	In the county, there's The Lord Keeper of the Great Seal in The Parade, Oadby, The Baron of Hinckley in Regent Street, Hinckley, The Sugar Loaf in High Street, Market Harborough, The Kettleby Cross in Wilton Road, Melton Mowbray, The William Wygston in Leicester Road, Wigston and The Monkey Walk in Marlborough Square, Coalville.
3138	In the county, they are being served at The Lord Keeper of the Great Seal in The Parade, Oadby, The Sugar Loaf in High Street, Market Harborough, The Kettleby Cross in Wilton Road, Melton Mowbray, The William Wygston in Leicester Road, Wigston and The Monkey Walk in Marlborough Square, Coalville.
3139	In the county, you can enjoy the event at The Lord Keeper of the Great Seal in The Parade, Oadby, The Baron of Hinckley in Regent Street, Hinckley, The Sugar Loaf in High Street, Market Harborough, The Kettleby Cross in Wilton Road, Melton Mowbray, The William Wygston in Leicester Road, Wigston, and The Monkey Walk in Marlborough Square, Coalville.
3140	In the customary ceremony at the highest court in Scotland, Yousaf pledged his allegiance to the King, and to serve him in the role as first minister and keeper of the Great Seal of Scotland.
3141	In the customary ceremony, Yousaf pledged his allegiance to the King, and to fulfill his duties as the first minister and keeper of the Great Seal of Scotland.
3142	In the decade since Amazon’s E Ink slabs were first introduced to the world, the Kindles’ popularity has elevated its brand recognition to the same heights as Q-Tips and Kleenex—with good reason.
3143	In the decade since the E-Ink slabs were first introduced to the world, the Kindles’ popularity has elevated its brand recognition to the same heights as Q-Tips and Kleenex—with good reason.
3144	In the documentary, Fan Xinzhong, Huang Tingjian’s murderous son, called Jiaxiang a strange fragrance in the world, that is, the “scent of rebirth” mentioned in “Ten States in China“.
3145	In the eagle’s beak is a ribbon that contains E PLURIBUS UNUM, which has appeared on U.S. coins since 1795, beginning with the $5 half eagle whose reverse is an adaptation of the obverse of the Great Seal.
3146	In the early 1950s, U.S. officials discovered a microwave-generated bug concealed inside this Great Seal of the United States given as a gift to the U.S. ambassador in Moscow.
3147	In the exhibition there is a wall of figure studies inspired by Muybridge, these conform to that apparent speed of execution with overall vertical strokes that pass through the emerging images of human forms.
3148	In the first image, the woman can be seen rubbing a filthy oven door with a dishwasher tablet, with the semi-dissolved remains of the cleaning product seen on the glass window of the appliance.
3149	In the foreground of the Great Seal of the State of West Virginia is a Phrygian, the hat worn by freed slaves in Roman times – known to Americans as a liberty cap.
3150	In the house, nothing held still: objects danced on the mantel, the ideograms on our hanging scroll of Chinese calligraphy flew around like butterflies.
3151	In the live webinars, much of the content is built around a Q&A format, which again requires experts to respond to questions in real time rather than having a formal script.
3152	In the long, profound history of Chinese calligraphy, there are numerous notable father-and-son calligraphers.
3153	In the meantime, it never hurts to employ an easy-to-use felt or brush tip eyeliner pen and have a pointed Q-tip at the ready.
3154	In the near future, a new official title of King of Canada will be adopted, as well as a new Great Seal of Canada, which is imprinted on important Canadian documents.
3155	In the near future, there will be the adoption of a new formal title for the King in Canada, along with a new Great Seal of Canada, which is imprinted on important Canadian documents.
3156	In the official script, the camera directions read: “Drogon wants to burn the world, but he will not kill Jon.
3157	In the opening exchanges after the break, both goalkeepers were called into action with Johns saving comfortably from Donnelly and Brush tipping away a dangerous Parkhill cross.
3158	In the original iPad, the speakers push sound through two small sealed channels leading to the three audio ports carved into the device,[18] while the iPad 2 has its speakers behind a single grill.[17] A volume switch is on the right side of the unit.
3159	In the pack are a change of clothes, some thin wool underwear—which can keep you reasonably comfortable in cold or wet weather—a couple pairs of socks that are a combination of wool and synthetic fibers, a wool watch cap—very important—a good hank of nylon rope, three small sealed tins of tea, and three or four of those old-fashioned liquid-filled cigarette lighters.
3160	In the package, LeCompte had attempted to send the vile, a sock altered into the shape of a sex toy and an explicit letter, saying the package included "a small sealed bag of my ejaculation that I did for you," the appeals decision says.
3161	In the past four years the Global Four Treasures of the Study Market has grown to a booming value of $xxx million and is expected to grow more.
3162	In the past, these presidential coins were made in a subdued silver or copper and featured the Great Seal of the United States on one side, complete with 13 arrows representing the original states and the Latin phrase " E pluribus unum, " which means "Out of many, one." The other side tastefully depicted the White House and the name of the president.
3163	In the past, these presidential coins were made in a subdued silver or copper and featured the Great Seal of the United States on one side, complete with 13 arrows representing the original states and the Latin phrase "E pluribus unum," which means "Out of many, one." The other side tastefully depicted the White House and the name of the president.
3164	In the past, these presidential coins were made in a subdued silver or copper and featured the Great Seal of the United States on one side, complete with 13 arrows representing the original states and the Latin phrase “E pluribus unum,” which means “Out of many, one.” The other side tastefully depicted the White House and the name of the president.
3165	In the post, a photo featuring an official script revealed that the Austin-based series will come back with an episode titled "The New Hotness." What's more, the page also disclosed that they would continue dropping hints with the incentive of gaining more followers on the platform.
3166	In the presence of Premier Blaine Higgs, members of the Executive Council, Indigenous leaders and senior government officials, Murphy issued and read a formal proclamation under the Great Seal of the Province of New Brunswick, officially proclaiming the accession of King Charles III.
3167	In the presence of Premier Dennis King, members of the Executive Council, an Indigenous leader and senior government officials, Her Honour issued and read a formal proclamation under the Great Seal of the Province of Prince Edward Island, officially proclaiming the accession of King Charles III.
3168	In the report, experts analyze and forecast the Four Treasures of the Study market on a global as well as regional level.
3169	In the room, there are a light-up rainbow, baby Ender's name in cursive script pinned on the wall and various multi-colored letters.
3170	In the runup to … Derek Chan, a calligraphy artist, writes "Fai Chun," traditional decorations using Chinese calligraphy in Hong Kong on Jan.
3171	In the same spirit, that summer Benjamin Franklin drew, as his design for the Great Seal of America, a picture of the Egyptians (i.e.
3172	In the seal’s current design, figures on either side of the shield within the Great Seal represent Liberty and Justice.
3173	In the short letter, Wang Xizhi lamented: “On the 13th day in the 11th month, I kneel down and bow for my aunt on hearing her death.
3174	In the small sealable bag, place one tablespoon of sugar, a half cup of milk and a quarter tablespoon of vanilla extract.
3175	In the southwest corner of the rotunda stands a lighted stained-glass replica of the Great Seal of the State of Arkansas, adopted by the General Assembly 157 years ago.
3176	In the subsequent itinerary, a group of people visited Housha Square, strolled under the exquisite Mong Kok covered bridge, stood on the viewing platform and enjoyed the feeling of the stormy waves hitting the shore, and came to Yadong Cultural and Creative Park to see Wang Houxiang’s calligraphy and painting exhibition , Write Spring Festival couplets.
3177	In the video, Mr Culleton questions the validity of the election because the writs do not contain the Great Seal.
3178	In the videos, said one investigator, a sign can be seen with Chinese calligraphy saying "Loyalty to the Heavens." The banner was a "triad-related sign," he added.
3179	In the videos, said one investigator, a sign can be seen with Chinese calligraphy saying "loyalty to the Heavens".
3180	In the videos, said one investigator, a sign can be seen with Chinese calligraphy saying 'Loyalty to the Heavens.' The banner was a 'triad-related sign,' he added.
3181	In the videos, said one investigator, a sign can be seen with Chinese calligraphy saying “Loyalty to the Heavens.” The banner was a “triad-related sign,” he added.
3182	In the viral video, Carrie's dad can be seen holding the paracetamol tablet with a pair of tweezers and rubbing it over the burnt area on the hot iron in a circular motion.
3183	In the years ahead, Cllr Brookes and his colleagues are looking at ways in which they can pay further tribute to the people almost 90 years ago who were integral in the awarding of The Charter of Incorporation under the Great Seal of Edward VIII.
3184	In these two legendary works, Su Shi demonstrated his attainted calligraphy-writing experience and tea-drinking art knowledge.
3185	In these works, Chinese ink, acrylic and collage are combined to create vibrant images, often blending the brush strokes of Chinese calligraphy with the shapes and colours of modern Western art.
3186	In this Global Four Treasures of the Study Market report, the region highlighted the most is North America.
3187	In this May 8, 2019, photo, workers share cigarettes near a booth promoting Made in China with Chinese calligraphy for "China Trendy" in Beijing.
3188	In this album, as well as in later, brasher landscapes and in a scroll from later in the 18th century, Jeong made use of precise downward strokes for the mountain ridges, rather than gentle contours.
3189	In this article I will focus on specific UI elements, based on the official style guide provided by Canonical.
3190	In this article, I would like to focus on another trilingual inscription on a stone tablet stele, left by the Chinese Admiral Zheng He, and dated 15th February 1409, in Sri Lanka.
3191	In this case, an attacker who was able to get the end user's credentials would be able to elevate themselves to higher privileges by running scripts that would exploit the vulnerabilities in the Eltima SDK.
3192	In this case, the vertical strokes of both the 'R' and the 'F' in champion Swiss tennis player Roger Federer’s monogram are missing and yet every sports fan in the world recognises the remaining elements to be his mark.
3193	In this connection, the question of the Indus inscriptions on seals and small tablets is relevant.
3194	In this context, it makes sense to point out that Ab-Ex artists drew inspiration from Japanese and Chinese calligraphy.
3195	In this event, the association offers authentic Chinese food supplied by 88 Grand Buffet, a stage performance, a Chinese calligraphy demo, game activities for children and more.
3196	In this exhibition that celebrates the evolution of Japanese writing, the ancient Chinese aristocrat and calligraphy master Wang Xizhi (303-361) is credited for refining handwriting styles — in particular the use of cursive and semi-cursive scripts — and establishing the basis of modern Japanese calligraphy.
3197	In this final article in our three part Bash automation and scripting basics series, we will explore script debugging, running scripts as a background process, and importing other scripts using the source command.
3198	In this instance, it was the dreamy fantastical world of traditional Chinese calligraphy as well as 3D NFT art by Lin Syouki and the geometric paintings of Aries City.
3199	In this latest campaign that targets Russian businesses, the initial infection catalyzes a rather complex attack chain that abuses a combination of legitimate Windows components and features, which helps it elude detection by bypassing restrictions on running scripts and evading whitelist protections.
3200	In this photo taken Monday, June 4, 2018, Chinese calligraphy which reads "All nations belong to the Lord arising to shine" at left and "Jesus's salvation spreads to the whole world" at right are displayed below a crucifix in a house church shut down by authorities near the city of Nanyang in central China's Henan province.
3201	In this photo taken Monday, June 4, 2018, Chinese calligraphy which reads “All nations belong to the Lord arising to shine” at left and “Jesus’s salvation spreads to the whole world” at right are displayed below a crucifix in a house church shut down by authorities near the city of Nanyang in central China’s Henan province.
3202	In this short poem of spring couplet, the famous calligrapher, politician and writer Wang Xizhi depicted a vibrant scene of birds chirping from northern country to southern suburbs, spring rain and winds awaiting the new year, new season and new blessings.
3203	In this show, set back in the mid-1960s Greenwich Village, the crooks are pulling out all the stops for several small sealed grams of heroin stuffed inside a small two-foot-tall doll.
3204	In this workshop and laboratory, historical monuments including pottery, inscriptions, stone fragments of Persepolis reliefs, glazed bricks, tablets, and seals, etc.
3205	In th… Chan King-fat, 80-year-old calligraphy artist writes "Fai Chun," traditional decorations with Chinese calligraphy in Hong Kong on Jan.
3206	In total, 108 pieces or sets of artifacts are on display at the exhibition, including a handscroll depicting Emperor Taizong of the Tang Dynasty (618-907) receiving a Tibetan envoy and an inscription written by calligrapher Zhao Mengfu of the Yuan Dynasty (1271-1368) for a stele in memory of the imperial preceptor Dampa.
3207	In traditional Chinese calligraphy and painting, the inkstick — along with the inkstone for grinding, a brush and paper — were the classic tools of the trade.
3208	In witness whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of Tennessee to be affixed at Nashville on this 21st Day of June, 1993.
3209	In words included in the official script issued by the Tory party, the PM directly linked the UK’s exit from Europe and Ukraine's resistence to the Russia invasion, saying both reflected a desire for freedom.
3210	In yellowed journals, in fine cursive script, my grandpa wrote how in 1888 he came to Licking, Missouri, where he met Sarah Alice Ritz, my namesake.
3211	In your eyes, what is the charm of Chinese calligraphy?
3212	In “Dongpo Ji” (“Dongpo Collection”) there were 16 letters from Su Shi to Chen, all written during the calligrapher’s stay in Huangzhou.
3213	In “Shang-Chi” a new black and white version of the logo swaps out the Mongolian for 10 inoffensive Chinese characters written in ancient seal script, all synonyms for strength or power.
3214	In “The Card Counter” Isaac’s “William Tell,” who also goes by “Will Tell,” and whose name alludes to both the classic fable and every poker player’s Achilles’ heel (it’s a name he’s given himself) keeps a diary in a composition notebook in which he writes immaculate cursive script.
3215	In “Yellow Untitled” (2008), Acheson repeats a series of feathery bands made up of short horizontal strokes, which descend at a slight diagonal down the painting’s surface.
3216	In-store activity includes Chinese calligraphy creating personalised cards (January 28-29 & February 4-5), live fashion illustrator Dom&Ink (February 4-5), surprise and delights red envelopes with a variety of treats to be won including beauty treatments and afternoon tea, fragrance bottle painting (January 28-29 & February 4-5) and complimentary engraving and embossing.
3217	Inaugural events begin Friday with a prayer service at 10 a.m. at First Baptist Church in Raleigh, then continue with a concert, the transfer of the Great Seal of the State of North Carolina and the inauguration ceremony Saturday.
3218	Indeed we placed on the Great Seal of the United States some more Latin: "novus ordo seclorum," a new order of the ages.
3219	Indeed, Sbordone has the backing of Gunderson herself, who goes beyond the “feisty feminist comedy” tag on her website to proclaim, in the notes section of the official script, that “The play is mostly a comedy.
3220	Indeed, as the name implies, “Tattoo Liner’s long-lasting wear, ink-rich pigment, and needle-sharp precision brush tip are all inspired by tattoo artistry,” Loftis explains.
3221	Indeed, he is even playing with his own signature, with many variants on show, ranging from exquisite vertical lettering to Chinese calligraphy to bold Gujarati strokes.
3222	Indeed, in 1901, the Treasury Department codified existing practice by making classicism the official style.
3223	Indeed, no responsible minister will have countersigned the warrant affixed to the Great Seal, and so the Queen would not be acting neutrally because Parliament (Commons and Lords) is not responsible or subject to democratic control.
3224	Indeed, old world charm spins a versatile sheen in a glinting array of majestic, multi-layered polki rani haars, slender gold hoops, a stretchable satlada necklace, eclectic naths, navratan medallions and equanimity pendants crafted in 16k, 18k and 24k gold.
3225	Indeed, the animated series has been on air 25 seasons, making it the longest running scripted show in television history.
3226	Indeed, the legend on the Great Seal of the United States, a novus ordo seclorum — a new order for the ages — was borrowed from the Aeneid.
3227	Independent traders will occupy the vintage craft marquee, with quirky and classic gifts and knick-knacks, while floral art demos, Chinese calligraphy workshops from the University of Sheffield, and a mini dragon dance take place throughout the day.
3228	Indian apparel wear brand Manyavar has partnered with Indian Olympic Association (IOA) to be the Indian official style partner for the upcoming Commonwealth Games, Asian Games 2022 and Paris Olympics.
3229	India’s leading destination for fashion online, Myntra, is all set to launch its exclusive red carpet line as the official style partner for the coveted Bollywood awards ceremony, the IIFA Weekend 2018, in Bangkok on 23rd June.
3230	India’s ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) is proposing declaring Devanagari (Hindi script) the official script for regional languages, including Kashmiri – the mother tongue of a large population in the scenic Muslim-majority occupied Kashmir.
3231	Individuals deprived of their liberty for their exercise of the freedom of peaceful assembly or demonstration, such as Peng Lifa, Qin Yongming and Xu Qin as well persons arrested during the November 2022 protests, including Cao Zhixin, Kamile Wayt, Zhai Dengrui, Xin Shang, Li Siqi, Li Yuanjing and Hou Jinyi.
3232	Indonesian students in Shanghai University of Sport (SUS) tried a small-scale Chinese style gala held on their campus on Thursday, January 16, which featured singing, a Chinese calligraphy event with their teachers, singing together, a violin performance and even a Wushu performance.
3233	Industrial brush, Commercial cleaning, Coating tools, Household brush, Oral care, Cosmetic brush, Brushes for special industries, Paintbrush, Chinese writing brush, Others.
3234	Influenced by the austere elegance of Chinese calligraphy, Marden’s painting broke free from the monochromatic color panels of the 1960s and ‘70s in favor of a calligraphic style.
3235	Information regarding advanced development and technology innovation for the Four Treasures of the Study market.
3236	Ink on his forearms in the form of cursive script is a constant reminder of family.
3237	Ink stick and ink slab were no longer merely considered as painting materials, but “The Four Treasures of the Study,” together with the writing brush and paper.
3238	Ink wash painting uses tonality and shading achieved by varying the ink density, both by differential grinding of the ink stick in water and by varying the ink load and pressure within a single brushstroke.
3239	Inked in cursive script, Brooklyn speaks of how Nicola, 27, ‘took [his] breath away’ when she walked down the aisle, while also describing himself as the ‘luckiest man in the world’ to marry her.
3240	Inkstone, writing brush, traditional rice paper and inkstick are the famous “four treasures of the study” in Chinese calligraphy.
3241	Inscribed on the Great Seal of the United States is our national motto, E pluribus unum (out of many, one)”.
3242	Inscribed on the Great Seal of the United States is our national motto, E pluribus unum (out of many, one)”.She said Ghana shared that sentiment and, therefore, commended her will and efforts to work together across ethnic lines, religious faiths, and political affiliation for the common good, despite the known divisions.
3243	Inscriptions are located on the reverse of each cuneiform tablet: KUB 8.61 on line 6 and KBo 8.144 in section 7, position 22.
3244	Inscriptions have been found on rocks, tablets and even on walls as well as in many cases, on metals as we move on with the time frame of world history.
3245	Inscriptions on the tablet displayed her full name as Tapputi-Belatekallim, with Belatekallim meaning "a female overseer of a house." Tapputi was also described as a producer of fine Mesopotamian perfumes.
3246	Inscriptions on the tablet indicate it was made during the reign of Roman emperor Claudius, who ruled from 41 to 54 C.E.
3247	Inscriptions on the tablet show it was made during the rule of Roman emperor Claudius, who ruled from 41 to 54 AD.
3248	Inscriptions on the tablets describe how the rulers of the city kept lions and fed them with the carcasses of cattle.
3249	Inside it is a marble tablet with a Greek inscription commemorating a slave, part of a tomb found on the plain of Troy by Capt the Hon John Gordon and given by him to Proctor in 1832.
3250	Inside the Museum families can make their own Chinese lantern to take away, and try their hand at Chinese calligraphy.
3251	Inside the Wisconsin Room there were featured activities such as mask painting, writing in Chinese calligraphy and making paper lanterns.
3252	Inside the cube, visitors will be greeted by an imposing stone facade featuring the bald eagle of the United States’ Great Seal.
3253	Inside, David Slezak, a retired Latin teacher who wears purple Converse sneakers and a slender gold chain over his T-shirt and jeans, has been in the kitchen since 5.
3254	Inside, besides the requisite star-spangled banners, grinning photos and auspicious Chinese calligraphy, the new occupant has placed what looks like an incongruous addition on a low shelf behind the desk: a model of a yellow-green John Deere tractor.
3255	Inside, the scene was raucous: Performers lip-synced to patriotic Chinese songs, women in skimpy outfits auctioned off traditional Chinese calligraphy and more than one man felt the need to remove his shirt.
3256	Inspection of the dipping tools revealed that length, diameter and brush length were different to the sticks used for honey, and that the water-dipping variety had consistently longer and thicker brush tips.
3257	Inspired by Chinese calligraphy, this sleek, minimal collection was designed by award-winning architect Steve Leung.
3258	Inspired by Japanese art and precision, it utilizes a fine brush tip, creating true to life hair-like strokes.
3259	Inspired by a calligrapher, the eyeliner comes in a thickish tube and has a brush tip that tapers to a very fine point.
3260	Inspired by different themes such as Chinese calligraphy, tea appreciation, jewellery design and book culture, six furniture design units from the UK together with 12 Hong Kong teams have created a series of professionally designed furniture items.
3261	Inspired by different themes such as Chinese calligraphy, tea appreciation, jewellery design and book culture, six furniture design units from the UK together with 12 Hong Kong teams have created a series of professionally designed furniture items.InnoTalks and workshops to promote design thinkingA series of InnoTalks will be organised to discuss global design trends.
3262	Inspired by old Hong Kong movie posters, the artworks playfully fuse elements of pop culture with vintage aesthetics such as Chinese calligraphy and hand painted graphics.
3263	Inspired by the iridescence of silk and painted in varying hues of pigmented wax in vertical and horizontal strokes to echo that fabric’s weave and texture, these works are a dose of sunlight when we need it most.
3264	Inspired by the multiscale structure of Xuan paper, researchers prepared a high-performance, high-haze transparent film by assembling cellulose microfibers and cellulose nanofibers into a multiscale structure.
3265	Inspired by wording at the Los Angeles memorial to Dr Martin Luther King Jr, the 19-piece collection is an invitation to view things from a different perspective, with the words written in cursive script in Louboutin's famous red.
3266	Installing : webmin-1.930-1.noarch 2/2 Running scriptlet: webmin-1.930-1.noarch 2/2 Webmin install complete.
3267	Instead massage brush tips and mid-lengths gently in the palm of your hand with your chosen cleanser, rinsing with warm water in a downwards direction.
3268	Instead of a syringe applicator like most products in the market, Getglow uses a pen applicator with a soft brush tip for their whitening serum, which they realized has a more controlled and even serum application on teeth.
3269	Instead of bleaching cups or scrubbing them, which can be time-consuming, Mrs Hinch fans recommended using a dishwasher tablet.
3270	Instead of brush tips he now uses his own fingertips.
3271	Instead of coaxing her to attend a day centre, they recommended home-based activities such as Chinese calligraphy and befriender visits.
3272	Instead of covering the entire brow with product, concentrate on small patchy areas using horizontal strokes.
3273	Instead of following the stroke order and physically feeling the flourishes as one recreates the characters in their mind while standing in front of the work like those who can read Chinese inevitably do when looking at Chinese calligraphy, the experience of the nonreader will be closer to that of appreciating abstract art.
3274	Instead of making all those little round strokes, it kind of does the work for you," she said.
3275	Instead of scrubbing all day, just toss in two tablets, and they’ll tackle left behind soap suds and give your washer a good, deep clean.
3276	Instead of soaking the pan, you can also try wetting the dishwasher tablet and rubbing it over the burn marks.
3277	Instead of teething gels or tablets, the AAPD recommends gently rubbing or massaging the child’s gums with your finger and giving the child a cool washcloth to chew on.
3278	Instead of teething gels or tablets, the American Academy of Pediatrics recommends gently rubbing or massaging the child's gums with your finger and giving the child a cool (not cold) teething ring or a clean, wet, cool washcloth to chew on.
3279	Instead of teething gels or tablets, the American Academy of Pediatrics recommends gently rubbing or massaging the child’s gums with your finger and giving the child a cool (not cold) teething ring or a clean, wet, cool washcloth to chew on.
3280	Instead of the Great Seal of the State of Nebraska, the roundel of his flag is intended to represent a golden train wheel, while the negative spaces of the wheel conjure up an image of a windmill.
3281	Instead of the typical brush tip, this liner has a thin, tiny wheel at the end of its applicator that creates perfectly straight lines in one, smooth motion for razor-sharp wings.
3282	Instead of “In God We Trust,” the slogan reads “In Pizza We Trust.” Instead of a pyramid — which Charles Thomson, who presented the Great Seal to Congress in 1782, said symbolized “strength and duration” — it’s a slice of pepperoni pizza.
3283	Instead, Hampton served as middleman, passing my emailed questions on to 90-something Father Cyprian, who wrote out his replies in a curly cursive script.
3284	Instead, apply and blend it in vertical, upward and downward strokes.
3285	Instead, group members in the comments section recommended gently rubbing the tablet over the stains to remove them.
3286	Instead, her brow pencil features a paddle brush tip to tame hairs and blend pigment for a diffused, natural finish.
3287	Instead, it is a traditional motto of the United States, appearing on the great seal of the nation and approved by an act of Congress in 1782.
3288	Instead, opt for customized name seals that are popular as souvenirs in Hong Kong.
3289	Instead, there is a small seal on the neck of the bottle that holds the cap in place, featuring all the necessary information about the wine and a QR code for those who want to learn more.
3290	Instead, these toys are robots that convert (not “transform,” as per Hasbro’s official style) into things from other TV shows or movies, like the Back To The Future DeLorean, the Blackbird from the X-Men cartoon, and (just announced this week) a dinosaur and Ford Explorer from Jurassic Park.
3291	Instead, they were making a video about Chambers getting her first tattoo: she’d had the word “Wonder” inked in black cursive script along the left side of her rib cage – “a reminder to continue living my life full of wonder”.
3292	Instead, they will receive a small sealed treat bag at each booth along the route.
3293	Instead, we have a much larger (and heavier) design, that is still capable of providing a great seal when you put them in your ears.
3294	Interestingly, the great seal of the U.S. with its depiction of an eagle with spread wings and clutching an olive branch in one talon and a sheath of arrows in the other was not adopted until 1782, just 14 years or so before Qianlong's death.
3295	Interestingly, the great seal of the U.S. with of its depiction of an eagle with spread wings and its talon clutching an olive branch in one and a sheath of arrows in the other was not adopted until 1782, just 14 years or so before Qianlong's death.
3296	International students learn Chinese calligraphy and the writing of chunlian, Spring Festival couplets, at Jiangsu University in Zhenjiang, East China's Jiangsu Province, on Thursday.
3297	Into the gallon zip lock bag, place a small sealed container with 3 tablespoons olive oil or vegetable oil (you can place the oil in a smaller zip lock bag).
3298	Introducing the morning's activities, project leader Ms Zatat tells the elderly participants that they will be joining reception classes to learn Chinese calligraphy and make a dragon to mark the Chinese New Year.
3299	Investigations have been scuppered thus far by a lack of hard evidence but Mr Edge said police refused to take away a small sealant bottle to test for fingerprints after he wrapped and stored it in his fridge.
3300	Investigations indicated that Li-Shu Xiajian was workig at Optic Fibre Cable Installation company.
3301	Irishwoman Johanna Harwood was the first official scriptwriter for the Bond films, and until last month remained the franchise's only credited female writer.
3302	Ironically, her research concerns the suspicion that poetic metaphor exists within Sumerian cuneiform inscriptions, those ancient clay tablets long thought to be merely storehouse ledgers.
3303	Is it true that there was no real, formal script for the movie and that you were all working it out on the fly?
3304	Is there any greater seal of approval for a film than swirling, stomach-churning rumours surrounding its first screening?
3305	Is this just in case the investigation ends up deviating too much from the official script?
3306	Isaac Robinson, D-Detroit, bestowed the Great Seal of Michigan signed by over 110 elected officials upon Holden, and Wayne County Commissioner Jewel Ware presented her a Wayne County Resolution in her honor.
3307	Israel has tried several times to acquire the inscription from Turkey, which long-insisted that the tablet is the property of the Ottoman Empire that ruled Jerusalem between the 16th and 20th centuries.
3308	Israelis experienced Chinese calligraphy, paper cutting and painting lanterns with great joy.
3309	It adorns the Great Seal of the United States and with it much that surrounds the President, but also banknotes.
3310	It also bears the Welsh leek, Harry's label and olive branches adopted from the Great Seal of the United States.
3311	It also comes with some special water pens, which have nylon brush tips, that’ll make watercolor painting easier.
3312	It also comes with the Welsh leek in between the flowers, and the olive branches that were inspired from the Great Seal of the US were placed underneath the Label of Prince Harry.
3313	It also creates a waterproof film that won’t smudge and its fine brush tip is perfect for creating precise lines.
3314	It also encompasses a comprehensive assessment of different strategies like mergers & acquisitions, product developments, and research & developments adopted by prominent market leaders to stay at the forefront in the global Four Treasures of the Study market.
3315	It also features a brush tip applicator, which can be more precise than a fingertip and softer than a sponge.
3316	It also features a complete photographic representation of the Ogawa manuscript of the essay (100 ten-character panels showing both formal and cursive script).
3317	It also features a large maroon cursive script “Ohana” print with a gold drop shadow and white border on the chest as an overlay on top of a Hawaiian-inspired depiction of a stingray.
3318	It also has a brush tip that makes the application a breeze.
3319	It also has a great seal that is leakproof, so everything says inside.
3320	It also has an inscription on the tabletop that reads, "In saving my life, she conferred a value upon it.
3321	It also has the words “The Great Seal of California” on the circle.
3322	It also included votive mace-heads, inscribed dedicatory wall cones, a royal inscription referring to the late Assyrian king Adadnirari, a mathematical tablet and an inscribed amulet resembling a unique example excavated at the Assyrian capital of Nimrud.
3323	It also includes "The Great Seal of the State of Tennessee" in a circle surrounding the depictions, as well as the roman numerals "XVI." They are meant to indicate Tennessee was the 16th state to join the U.S.
3324	It also is on the obverse side of the Great Seal of the United States.
3325	It also loosely fits with the Aemilius Secundus inscription, a tablet discovered 300 years ago in Beirut, Lebanon, which tells of a census ordered by Quirinius, the governor of Syria, in 12 B.C., according to biblical scholar Jim Fleming.
3326	It also symbolizes American heritage with the Great Seal logo embossed.
3327	It appears he has tattooed his wedding vows onto the underside of his right arm, with an Instagram photo revealing the large set of ink, written in black cursive script, and Nicola’s hand resting over it.
3328	It appears on the Great Seal of the United States and was long considered the national motto.
3329	It appears on the Great Seal of the United States, clutching in its talons 13 arrows and an olive branch with 13 leaves, and in its beak a scroll reading, “E pluribus unum” [out of many [states] – one].
3330	It appears to be the work of a scribe practising rather than the finished product, and the style suggests he or she was familiar with both the informal style of writing used for documents and formal script found in illuminated gospels of the period.
3331	It augmented its fame in the 1880s when it was invited to design the Great Seal of the United States (which still appears on the $1 bill) and made off, in a competitive auction, with nearly one-third of the French Crown Jewels.
3332	It became a state park in 1974 and was named for the view that inspired the Great Seal of the State of Ohio.
3333	It begins with onshore training after which you are on the water learning to manoeuvre a Kayak using basic forward and turning strokes with the aid of a Coach and under the watchful eye of a Safety Boat.
3334	It blended traditional Chinese calligraphy elements and Hong Kong graffiti art, showing the infinite possibilities of cultural integration.
3335	It can be said that his aesthetic taste and spiritual world are inherited from Yan Zhenqing, He Shaoji, Weng Tonghe and others.
3336	It collected plaques of many masters such as influential Chinese educator Zhu Xi (1130-1200) and calligrapher and painter Zhao Mengfu (1254-1322).
3337	It comes in six shades and is applied using a brush tip applicator.
3338	It comes with a charging base with discreet storage for its crevice tool with optional brush tip.
3339	It comes with eight colored markers having brush tips for complete coverage and broad strokes.
3340	It comes with your name in a cursive script so that you never have a case of mistaken phone identity again.
3341	It contains 12 lines of Kannada inscription engraved on the granite tablet that is five and a half feet in length and two feet in width.
3342	It contains 6 gentle brush tips, a 31,000–50,000VPM rapid motor, 5 cleaning settings, 3 intensity settings, a 2-minute clever meter as well as the maximum IPX8 waterproofing rating.
3343	It corrects skin imperfections and has a flexible brush tip applicator that's soft on the skin while contouring the face!
3344	It could be literal — like a slender gold vintage-inspired headband — or more whimsical, like a flower crown you can rock at festivals.
3345	It declared, "Rebellion to Tyrants is obedience to God."Benjamin Franklin's proposal is preserved in a note in his own handwriting:John Adams later described Jefferson's depiction of the Great Seal:More often than not, we hear about how if we do not learn from history, then history will repeat itself as a negative rather than as a positive.
3346	It dispenses pure jojoba oil to moisturize and strengthen, and the brush tip makes application a breeze.
3347	It does not give me the identical tailored feeling I get sporting the Out of doors Analysis masks, and the nostril wire is not as lengthy and expansive over the cheeks, but it surely’s a design that is nonetheless prone to create a great seal over a number of face varieties, together with my very own.
3348	It does thankfully come with a display case that doubles as storage, though we dread to think anyone would keep something this great sealed away in a box.
3349	It does, however, allow for things like running scripts from a local host on remote machines via other cmdlets that utilise the same subsystem.
3350	It doesn’t support running scripts on the target system to customize the installation, it doesn’t come with its domain-specific language, it won’t run as a daemon or require remote logins to work.
3351	It doesn’t use liquid solution for cleaning, just a soft tip and a brush tip.
3352	It enables users to automate and manage various tasks, including configuring system settings, managing files and folders, and running scripts.Windows PowerShell is a powerful tool that can save time and increase productivity, especially for IT professionals and system administrators.
3353	It even includes the Great Seal.
3354	It even possesses a gentle brush tip for simple application.
3355	It evolved from seal script, which was widely used during the Han Dynasty (202 BC-AD220).
3356	It explores the rich Chinese calligraphy culture and presents its aestheticism and romanticism, drawing inspiration from Lanting Ji Xu (Preface to the Collection of Poetry at Lan Pavilion), which was written by Chinese calligrapher Wang Xizhi (303-361) in a stage of drunkenness 1,670 years ago.
3357	It features 40 characters on nine lines, mostly written in xiaozhuan, or small seal script, a calligraphy in which all lines are of even thickness, with predominant curves and circles.
3358	It features an image of the Great Seal of the United States, worn on U.S. Army dress and service uniforms since the early 1800s.
3359	It features an ultra-precise liquid brush tip, as well as a formulation that's cruelty-free and dermatologist-tested to be hypoallergenic and non-irritating.
3360	It features an ultra-precise liquid brush tip, as well as a formulation that's cruelty-free and dermatologist-tested to be hypoallergenic and non-irritating.
3361	It features both a serif and sans serif version, as well as a cursive script, all-caps set, and even a blackletter for more formal announcements.
3362	It features four well-structured brush tips that maintain their points during use, so you can paint consistent lines in one stroke.
3363	It features stone tablets with Mon inscriptions, Buddhist sculptures and architecture, earthenware and pottery.
3364	It first appeared on the Great Seal of the United States in 1782.
3365	It grows like a loose bottle brush tipped with white flowers.
3366	It had Chinese calligraphy that translates as “May all beings live without fear and coexist in peace,” so appropriate as the new year is ushered in with so many places facing wars and conflicts.
3367	It had a brush tip that doesn't break easily and the pigment does not dry out fast,' a person said.
3368	It had a brush tip that doesn't break easily and the pigment does not dry out fast,' one customer said.
3369	It happened when Founding Father Charles Thomson presented the Great Seal to Congress.
3370	It has a brush tip for easy application and features skin-friendly ingredients, like vitamin C and hyaluronic acid.
3371	It has a brush tip for precision application and an easy-to-use twist-up mechanism that allows you to dispense more oil.
3372	It has a brush tip on top that’s so easy to use.
3373	It has a history of more than 1,500 years and the craftsmanship of Xuan paper is also listed as part of the world's intangible cultural heritage.
3374	It has a simple geometric structure, with distinctive horizontal strokes on the ‘E’, ‘F’ and ‘H’.
3375	It has a slight bounce and intentional irregularity to what might otherwise appear to be a more formal script font.
3376	It has a unique brush tip that aids in precise strokes and gorgeous wings.
3377	It has appeared on the Great Seal since 1782.
3378	It has become the flying white whale to my dual blade wielding Ahab, and I left the preview event determined to chop it to bits when the DLC finally arrives later this month.
3379	It has churned out bold designs that featured flatbills with GIR across the front, colorful snapbacks with bird in cursive script and knit beanies with SCRAMBLE ON.
3380	It has included these changes in its official style guide, which is also used by many other organisations (The Engineer’s house style is based on The Economist style guide).
3381	It has recently been renewed through at least 2019, and is the longest running scripted television in history.
3382	It has the most perfect brush tip that helps with finest of wings.
3383	It has the standard Wetherspoon look with dark wood panelling and a busy carpet, along with framed information on the wall telling you about the history behind the pub's name (it is named after Sir Nathan Wright, who was Lord Keeper of the Great Seal from 1700 to 1705 and later Lord of the Manor of Oadby).
3384	It helps users understand the structural formation of Chinese characters and appreciate the beauty of traditional Chinese calligraphy through feeling, touching and hearing.
3385	It honors three renowned scholars in the Yuan Dynasty (1206-1368) — Yang Weizhen, Qian Weishan and Lu Juren.
3386	It houses a permanent exhibistion titled, 'Civilisation and Writing: A great journey', with some key exhibits including the Tablet of Round Ark (2000 - 1600BC) with Akkadian cuneiform inscription that tells the story of an ancient flood sent to destroy the human race by an angry deity.
3387	It included a logo that was eerily similar to the Great Seal of the United States.
3388	It included ancient Chinese calligraphy, a performance by pianist Lang Lang, the official song You and Me by Sarah Brightman and gymnast Li Ning flying on a trapeze to light the cauldron.
3389	It influenced many masters of posterity, such as Li Yong, who was a Tang Dynasty (AD 618-907) calligrapher, and Zhao Mengfu, who was a scholar, painter and calligrapher of the Yuan Dynasty (1271-1368).
3390	It involved joining letters to form words, using the words to form sentences, and finally reading these sentences written in cursive script.
3391	It is Showtime’s longest running scripted show and is still airing, so when you finish you have another season to look forward to.
3392	It is a 141-meter single-span arch suggesting the idea of cursive script calligraphy.
3393	It is a 3-foot-high black basalt stone tablet that contains an inscription written in Canaanite that dates to the ninth century BC.
3394	It is a fairly well known conspiracy theory that Freemasons designed the Great Seal and secretly hid the letters of the word “MASON” in it in this way.
3395	It is a small sealed glass used to store and preserve a sample, which is typically solid or liquid.
3396	It is a worldwide campaign where the aspiring men, dressed in their finest attire ride astride in their classic motorcycles to raise funds and awareness about prostate cancer and men’s well-being.Blackberrys, as an official style partner, styled the riders with stylish suits and accessories like Helmets, Badges, and supporting merchandise.
3397	It is about 50 metres long lined with shops and stalls selling antiques, Chinese calligraphy, arts and vintage furniture, etc.
3398	It is also the hometown of Wang Xizhi (AD 303-361), known as the "sage of Chinese calligraphy," the heart of the ancient "Tang Poems Road of East Zhejiang," and the birthplace of Yueju Opera, said Wang Zhenghao, director of the administration.
3399	It is also used on the reverse of the Great Seal of the United States.
3400	It is also used to make name seals, frames, carving, medicines and traditional dishes.
3401	It is an attitude exemplified in the motto that appears on the Great Seal of the United States, which Bush borrows in translation for his title: E pluribus unum.
3402	It is an established fact that any player equipped with horizontal strokes is bound to succeed in Australia.
3403	It is basically a puppet running script.
3404	It is capped with silver on which is engraved the 1794 Great Seal, designed by Charles Willson Peale, according to retired Maryland State Archivist and Commissioner of Land Patents Edward C.
3405	It is described as having “choice centering with wide and balanced margins, rich color, light diagonal crease, small sealed tear at right center.” The Scott catalog value is $15,000.
3406	It is for this reason that Ben Franklin famously disagreed with the founding fathers regarding the placement of the bald eagle on the Great Seal of the U.S., first unveiled in 1782.
3407	It is interesting to note that Wikipedia presents images of the Great Seal in which the eagle is facing to the left.
3408	It is located near the Great Seal State Park campground.
3409	It is located on Lauer’s inner right forearm and reads “Hatred corrodes the container it’s carried in” in cursive script.
3410	It is made under the Great Seal.
3411	It is my fervent hope that the Nollywood will in the not too distant a future follows the tradition of the Hollywood by showcasing the Great Seal of the Service and the stars representing the fallen heroes etched into the Memorial Wall of the Headquarters’ Foyer as the agency’s contribution to national development.
3412	It is no accident that the Latin phrase E Pluribus Unum — or Out of Many, One — is engraved on the Great Seal of the United States.
3413	It is not widely acknowledged, but when US presidents make a statement in public, the US stars and stripes flag and the Great Seal flag always serve as the background.
3414	It is open to people who are interested in Chinese calligraphy, enthusiasts and beginners.
3415	It is particularly useful in analysing electoral politics, because it allows us to analyse different types of signs, unravel hidden and official scripts, and clarify the said and the unsaid.
3416	It is precisely this transmogrification of the many into the One that is meant by the motto on the Great Seal of the US—E Pluribus Unum.
3417	It is safe to use rubbing alcohol or disinfecting wipes to clean the screen and chassis of your smartphone and tablet.
3418	It is said that Chinese calligraphy has long been much more than a form of communication.
3419	It is said that Wang Wei wrote the long volume “The Picture of Snow in the Mountains and Mountains”, which is a biography highly praised by Zhu Yunming, Wen Zhengming, Shen Zhou, Feng Mengzhen and Dong Qichang in the Ming Dynasty.
3420	It is soothing to realise the person putting together the perfect soundtrack for the inane-but-important Saturday mornings of young coupledom – scrubbing ovens, vacuuming stairs, splitting your kittens’ worming tablets in half, prying open their little jaws – is going about his own inane, but important, routine.
3421	It is still technically an over-the-ear design, but has a greater seal over the ear and that will be far better for those with smaller ears.
3422	It is the longest running scripted TV show in U.S. history at 30 seasons.
3423	It is the longest running scripted TV show in U.S. history at 31 seasons.
3424	It is the longest running scripted TV show in U.S. history at 32 seasons.
3425	It is the longest running scripted TV show in U.S. history at 33 seasons.
3426	It is the nation’s motto and is inscribed on the Great Seal of the United States.
3427	It is this bionic multiscale structure that bestows the Xuan paper with high flexibility and high strength.
3428	It is this bionic multiscale structure that endows the Xuan paper with high strength and high flexibility.
3429	It is this last detail, the presence of Whitehouse’s Great Seal on the Hay-Pauncefote Treaty Cup, says Howe, that almost certainly identifies the cup’s designer as Whitehouse.
3430	It is to be worn around the neck on a long, slender gold chain like a polished fang from some huge animal.
3431	It is too overwhelming and I hate the block lettering and I and would prefer they go back to the cursive script of years gone by.
3432	It is very interesting to write Spring Festival couplets on the spot, and I can also show and exercise my calligraphy skills.” During the event, the “little calligraphers” presented a total of Spring Festival couplets to tourists There are nearly 600 pieces of Hefu characters.
3433	It is worth noting that the Chinese calligraphy painting stretched along the perimeters of the room near the ceiling gives the room a glamorous touch and adds a vintage feel to the space.
3434	It isn’t always easy to read, but you can get a trace of the entire execution of a running script by adding the -x option to its invocation of bash.
3435	It makes you an accomplice to murder: Pick an execution time and date, then mark a wall with vertical strokes as the days dwindle down.
3436	It manages to do all of this with its special brush tip that’s made from 350 bristles.
3437	It may be mentioned that under the Manipuri official language Act clause 2 (f), Bengali script is the official script for the Manipuri language.
3438	It might also have somehow slipped by that the eagle is a fairly common image in the American government, appearing as it does on, among other things, the Great Seal of the United States, the Seal of the President, the ceremonial Mace of the House of Representatives (so Nancy Pelosi is a Nazi, too?
3439	It might have a different name, but this long-wearing liquid black eyeliner’s ultra-precise brush tip continues to be a best-seller.
3440	It must be the First Minister and Holder of the Great Seal down for a weekend break, or perhaps the Lord Lieutenant on a visit.
3441	It offers detailed research and analysis of key aspects of the global Four Treasures of the Study market.
3442	It originally designated a form of ancient Egyptian cursive script, which by the fifth century BC had come into use everywhere in Egypt for business and literary purposes (in contrast to the more complex, hieratic script retained by the clergy).
3443	It probably means that our elementary students will soon have to learn sign language, Pig Latin, and cursive script with a Bic pen if they want to secretly talk with their friends in the classroom.
3444	It prominently features the Bald Eagle Haliaeetus leucocephalus, the Official National Bird of the USA that also appears on the Great Seal of the United States.
3445	It read "freedom" in cursive script, written by a single sharp tattoo needle.
3446	It reads: 'Baby' in a cursive script font in extra fine lettering.
3447	It reported that the plane had apparently taken off from a small sealed airstrip in Punta Islita at 10.30am (12.30am Singapore time) and crashed shortly afterwards for reasons yet to be determined.
3448	It reported that the plane had apparently taken off from a small sealed airstrip in Punta Islita at 10.30am and crashed shortly afterwards for reasons yet to be determined.
3449	It reported that the plane had apparently taken off from a small sealed airstrip in Punta Islita at 10:30 am (1630 GMT) and crashed shortly afterwards for reasons yet to be determined.
3450	It resembled the gold coin he had started with, but now the symbol inscribed in the middle had two vertical strokes and, unlike the Thai baht, these strokes did not cut clean through the B — they only stuck out of its top and bottom and did not cross through the middle of the letter.
3451	It resembles a Roman writing tablet with art and inscriptions, both Roman and non-Roman.
3452	It returned to the floral theme with the word “Love” spelled out in cursive script, immersed among flowers and plant stems that sprout from the letters (Scott 5255).
3453	It reveals that she has 'caused a Commission under the Great Seal' to prepare for the suspension.
3454	It says, “The Great Seal of the United States is a unique symbol of our country and national identity.
3455	It seems like the sort of thing older people like to tell children, to instill a sense of gratitude that they don't have to walk six miles through a blizzard to sit in an unheated schoolroom where they have to write out answers to Latin word problems in cursive script.
3456	It served to draw attention to the business inside, even if most Bristolians can’t read ancient Chinese calligraphy and wouldn’t have known if the business was a yoga studio, a restaurant or a training facility for sumo wrestlers, as Zoning Board member Derek N.
3457	It served us admirably, and it still appears on the Great Seal of the United States.
3458	It serves as a great seal to the downtown experience, whether you're local or just live here one weekend a year.
3459	It should be documented that on November 22 of the same year, the 28th President of the United States Woodrow Wilson, endowed with international mandate and arbitration, approved the Armenia-Turkey border with the Great Seal of the United States and handed over his decision to all state-signatories of the Treaty.
3460	It should be mentioned, that you can assign variables while running scripts.
3461	It should be respected, rather than entirely ‘consumed,’ or its bird nesting sites (including cliffs), small seal rookery, insects and rare plants could be gone forever.
3462	It shows a bible, American eagle, American flag and the outline of St Francis County enclosed in a circular badge surrounded by red text saying “The Great Seal of St Francois County” and “In God We Trust”.
3463	It shows a representation of «… the King, crowned, in his robes, and on a throne, with a Negro [sic] on his knee, presenting some pine apples to him …», reports George Vertue in ‘Medals, Coins, Great Seals, and Other Works of Thomas Simon’.
3464	It shows both sides of the Great Seal of the United States of America, the national symbol of the United States that was designed by Charles Thomson.
3465	It shows the Great Seal of the United States, but the constellation of stars above the eagle’s head has been replaced by a red Star of David, and the eagle is holding bullets and drug syringes in its talons instead of an olive branch and 13 arrows.
3466	It shows the now-famous "B" with two vertical strokes.
3467	It simply took too long to write, so as people tried to move faster, the system evolved into clerical running script, a semi-cursive style, and eventually evolving into today’s script.
3468	It simply used the Great Seal of the State of Illinois, which pictures a bald eagle holding a banner that reads “State Sovereignty, National Union.” It was modeled after the Great Seal of the United States.
3469	It started with papercutting art, and Chinese calligraphy, followed by making dumplings, and Chinese choreography including fan dance, drum dance and Yangko dance.
3470	It states: “Now know ye that We have consented and do by these Presents signify Our Consent to the contracting of Matrimony between Our Most Dearly Beloved Grandson Prince Henry Charles Albert David of Wales and Rachel Meghan Markle.” At a Privy Council meeting on Wednesday, the monarch made the declaration and signed a Great Seal of the Realm.
3471	It talks about the gross margin, price, revenue, products and their specifications, applications, competitors, manufacturing base, and the main business of players operating in the global Four Treasures of the Study market.
3472	It therefore only seems right and proper that, four millennia later, Kim Jong-il was born nearby ‘and flying white horses were seen in the sky’, according to official sources.
3473	It took the French archaeologist and Iranian fellows some ten years to [completely] discover the mysteries of the cuneiform inscription, which is hand-carved on clay tablets and were found in the ruins of the ancient city of Susa, southwest Iran.
3474	It took the French archaeologist some ten years to [completely] discover the mysteries of the cuneiform inscription, which is hand-carved on clay tablets and were found in the ruins of the ancient city of Susa, southwest Iran.
3475	It uses three layers of polypropylene and has shapeable metal at the top and bottom so you can make a great seal.
3476	It was a carved wooden copy of the US Great Seal, and it contained a resonator that, if lit up with a radio signal at a certain frequency ("illuminating" it), would then broadcast a clear audio signal via radio.
3477	It was a fragment of a terracotta tablet with cuneiform inscriptions that had been in the US for nearly a century.
3478	It was a gold embossed blue box engraved with the words “The Illuminated Tarot” in cursive script.
3479	It was a great pass, a great seal.
3480	It was a padded envelope with the address written in his indelible hand, a cursive script practiced for years, reflecting his love of words.
3481	It was a parade flag with the great seal of the United States in red on a blue ground surrounded by 36 white stars.
3482	It was a pattern that had already played out with the “Great Seal” bug, in which distant radio waves , rather than any wiring, activated a microphone.
3483	It was a small seal of approval from any teenager.
3484	It was adopted as the US motto in 1956 as a replacement or alternative to the unofficial Latin motto of "E Pluribus Unum" ("Out of many, one") which was adopted when the Great Seal of the United States was created and adopted in 1782, according to Wikipedia.
3485	It was also during this period that the poet Su Shi and her circle of educated people indulged in amateur painting, using their skills in calligraphy.
3486	It was always going to be hard to live up to his second round strokes gained tee-to-green of over six shots, but over the three rounds he ranks second in that regard courtesy of top-10s off-the-tee and approaches, whilst 20th in around-the-green fits his win in Austria.
3487	It was authenticated with the Great Seal of King John.
3488	It was based on inscriptions of other looted tablets that surfaced after the 2003 invasion of Iraq.
3489	It was basically like they were running script offense, five-on-(zero) offense.
3490	It was concealed inside a carved wooden Great Seal of the United States, given and planted in the study of the US Ambassador in Moscow.
3491	It was fantastic to see all that our Great Seal represents including ‘Equal Rights’ and the pillars of our state’s economy – mining and agriculture – brought into Wyoming classrooms for the Seal’s 125th Anniversary.
3492	It was his job to pilot a giant glass chariot containing the sun across the sky day after day, pulled by a fleet of flying white horses.
3493	It was hurriedly taken down and replaced with the old one - the US’s national symbol the Great Seal.
3494	It was impossible for all the letters to appear on the same tablet at the same time, so the artifact and the inscription were dismissed as fake.
3495	It was inspired by Chinese calligraphy and depicts dancers striking the right lines and knowing when to release control, as in calligraphy.
3496	It was instrumental as well in getting the Biden administration to quickly rescind Trump’s executive order promoting neoclassical architecture as the official style for federal buildings.
3497	It was later included in the royal collection of Emperor Qianlong (1736-1796), who was a passionate collector of Chinese calligraphy and ink painting.
3498	It was like reading letters between Jefferson and Hamilton, so perfectly drawn was each word in cursive script.
3499	It was located on the main floor, overlooking Missouri’s great seal underneath the rotunda.
3500	It was made using stone tablets to create a “rubbing” of famous Buddhist and Confucian texts.
3501	It was modeled after the Great Seal of the United States and shows an eagle spreading its wings behind a union shield that is clutching arrows as well as olive branches – the twin motifs used on many past coins to represent the message that the U.S. is prepared to defend itself but wants peace.
3502	It was much easier to clean the appliance holding the tablet upright instead of laying it flat and scrubbing it across the surface.
3503	It was not until 1782 that a design featuring an eagle clutching arrows and an olive branch was finally chosen for the Great Seal.
3504	It was packed with iOS devs, whispering amongst each other about how they can’t wait for Apple to release an official style guide and formatter for Swift.
3505	It was placed artfully next to an oversize paintbrush, which brought me back to the days my mother and I took Chinese calligraphy lessons together out of our home in Kowloon.
3506	It was placed on Great Seal of the United States in 1782.
3507	It was placed on the Great Seal of the United States in 1782.
3508	It was proclaimed “in testimony whereof, we set our hand and caused to be affixed the Great Seal of Greenville at the Darke County Commissioners Offices in Greenville on May 26.
3509	It was removed from the castle on Thursday in a ceremonial procession involving Joseph Morrow, the Lord Lyon King of Arms and the monarch's representative in Scotland, along with Scotland's First Minister Humza Yousaf, in his role as the Keeper of the Great Seal of Scotland, HES said.
3510	It was removed from the castle on Thursday in a ceremonial procession involving Joseph Morrow, the Lord Lyon King of Arms and the monarch’s representative in Scotland, along with Scotland's First Minister Humza Yousaf, in his role as the Keeper of the Great Seal of Scotland, HES said.
3511	It was removed from the castle on Thursday in a ceremonial procession involving Joseph Morrow, the Lord Lyon King of Arms and the monarch’s representative in Scotland, along with Scotland’s First Minister Humza Yousaf, in his role as the Keeper of the Great Seal of Scotland, HES said.
3512	It was removed from the castle on Thursday, April 27, in a ceremonial procession involving Joseph Morrow, the Lord Lyon King of Arms and the monarch’s representative in Scotland, along with Scotland’s First Minister Humza Yousaf, in his role as the Keeper of the Great Seal of Scotland, HES said.
3513	It was ruined on its side, casting small seals of air.
3514	It was super easy to create wings with it because the brush tip is so fine and easy to use, and on top of that, there was no bleeding with the actual formula.
3515	It was the start of a bald eagle restoration program that would repopulate several New England states — and herald the broader return of a bird that had been placed on the Great Seal of the United States at the birth of the republic and then slandered as a thief and hounded by gunshot and DDT in the centuries that followed.
3516	It was through Zhang that Araki encountered an original scroll painting by 17th century Chinese artist and calligrapher Bada Shanren.
3517	It was too loose, they got to do whatever they want, it was like they were running script out there.
3518	It was written by Liu Gongquan, a famous litterateur and calligrapher during the Tang Dynasty.
3519	It was written in calligraphy, framed, sealed with the Great Seal of the Realm, and signed by Queen Elizabeth II—so very swanky.
3520	It was written in cursive script and although the handwriting was shaky, I can read it easily.
3521	It was written in running hand, in a breezy style, and with a flow indicative of a good fountain pen.
3522	It was, he said, that “the mandating of an official style is not fully compatible with 21st-century liberal democracy”.
3523	It was, however, the sight of cursive script denoting a true tale of sailing adventure that made my heart lift with delight.
3524	It wasn’t an official style at the Great American Beer Festival (and wouldn’t be until 2003), and curious brewers were only beginning to experiment with the extremely hoppy style.
3525	It will be fun for the whole family as there'll be crafts, Chinese calligraphy, and demonstrations.
3526	It will go to the Office of the Great Seal within the Michigan Secretary of State Office for final approval.
3527	It will kill other lesser seals, but lives mostly on penguins.
3528	It will show Sully wearing an America’s VetDogs vest with the Great Seal of the United States on the back.
3529	It will show Sully wearing his America's VetDogs vest with the Great Seal of the United States on its back.
3530	It will show Sully wearing his America’s VetDogs vest with the Great Seal of the United States on its back.
3531	It works directly with the composers, lyricists and book writers of these shows to provide official scripts, music materials and other resources to more than 70,000 theatrical organizations in the U.S. and in more than 60 countries worldwide.
3532	It would be fine if this just enabled running scripts in series.
3533	It would be great if there was an official style guide released in a book for fans to see all these little details for themselves.
3534	It would have been so easy to do this or whatever.’ And when it’s good, the running script is not just like, ‘I’m immersed and it’s great.’ There’s a running thing in the background like, ‘Oh my god, every department just nailed it.’ I kind of get this bonus appreciation for all these people who came together and made this thing.
3535	It would probably surprise students who may be reading Thomas Wolfe’s “Look Homeward Angel” to discover that Wolfe wrote the entire book in pencil, for crying out loud, and cursive script, or a rough version thereof.
3536	It's a fun process, choosing a lantern and writing down wishes with a Chinese calligraphy pen.
3537	It's a good thing I like it cause I also practice Chinese calligraphy, intricate stuff like that kind of scratches this OCD tendency that I have, and it's just good for me.
3538	It's a highly pigmented formula with a unique, hollow wand and ball brush tip that create fuller looks on any lash type.But it gets better: Charles stopped by our L.A. offices today to take on a lofty challenge: teach us a 10-minute, drugstore smoky-eye look.
3539	It's a mystical place and the birthplace of Chinese calligraphy and art.
3540	It's a role that, clearly, gives him the ability to make PR executives squirm as he heads off the official script.
3541	It's a stylized, almost cursive script of the contest's name, but the "v" is a giant heart.
3542	It's also blendable, buildable, and is made with a soft brush tip for easy application.
3543	It's also fun to watch crews in one of the exhibition halls pounding ink onto paper that's been spread over the stele inscriptions to make rubbings.
3544	It's an official style guide written for whom?
3545	It's another TikTok trend gone viral, where you position the blade at a 45-degree angle and use short, downward strokes over the facial contours to gently shave off downy hairs and remove the top layer of skin (it doubles as a light exfoliation treatment).
3546	It's been 12 seasons of some of the most bizarre crime cases in television history, but Fox' longest running scripted drama, "Bones," which revolved around the oil-and-water relationship of forensic anthropologist Temperance "Bones" Brennan (Emily Deschanel) and FBI agent Seeley Booth (David Boreanaz), and their interactions with the team of "squints," has finally come to an end.
3547	It's fun to explore Su's calligraphy work and poems carved on the walls and stone tablets.
3548	It's good to complete all the sections that require vertical strokes and then go back and do the horizontal ones or vice versa.
3549	It's got a great seal with a steamhole.
3550	It's just as telling that the Great Seal was added to the currency in 1934 by President Franklin Roosevelt, a freemason and an obvious candidate for the Illuminati if ever there was one.
3551	It's just perfect for running scripts that might take a long time to execute.
3552	It's one of the only times in history that someone in a non-literate group invented an official script from scratch.
3553	It's part of a stone tablet with bilingual inscriptions before the tomb of a Hui martial master who claims ancestry to Uyghur Khaganate in 8th c.
3554	It's recommended to wear a pair of gloves with this hack, as rubbing the dishwasher tablet on the oven door can get messy.
3555	It's striking that when you cast the Holy Ground skill in Elden Ring, a cursive script appears on the ground that resembles the Elvish writing he devised.
3556	It's the longest running scripted musical in Las Vegas history.
3557	It's the same eye you see on the back of a dollar bill and it's even part of the Great Seal of the United States.
3558	It's the same eye you see on the back of a dollar bill, and it's even part of the Great Seal of the United States.
3559	It's typically sold in a tube with a doe-foot applicator or a pen-style container with a brush tip, so you can apply it directly from the packaging.
3560	It's useful for running scripts and deleting files in batch.
3561	It's where New Jersey shed colony status and voted to become a state and adopted its Great Seal.
3562	It's worth noting that the CDNJS infrastructure includes features to automate library updates by periodically running scripts on the server to download relevant files from the respective user-managed Git repository or npm package registry.
3563	Italian luxury designer Giorgio Armani has been named as the official style partner of Chargers Lux, the team’s premium membership service.
3564	Items available for purchase to liven up the living room or breakfast table might include Thai home accessories, Chinese calligraphy and Japanese pottery.
3565	Its National Art Museum has an impressive collection spanning five floors, which includes traditional Chinese calligraphy works and a number of exemplary paintings by Picasso.
3566	Its alphabet appears on monumental inscriptions and tablets since the 4th century AD and in a handful of manuscripts since the 9th century.
3567	Its ancient clay tablet is white with purple inscriptions.
3568	Its black granite counter top and framed pictures of Chinese calligraphy really give you the sense that this is something different, although it is ultimately its functionality that sets this lavatory apart.
3569	Its brush tips are pressure-sensitive, so they release heat when you need it, which makes this straightener easy to control.
3570	Its charm lies in the strong feminine characteristics of each stroke - delicate points, diverse curves, circles resembling a date pit, without horizontal or vertical strokes.
3571	Its crown-shaped brush tip makes it easier to reach the inner corner of their eye and bottom lash lines for a completely defined eye.
3572	Its description on Kat Von D's website reads, "The innovative brush tip glides across lids in silky, smooth strokes for effortless, precise application.
3573	Its downward stroke pushes water away from its leg, creating a tiny air pocket around its foot, against which it pushes off.
3574	Its empty neon channels spell out the name in the kind of free-hand cursive script known to signage pros as “bastard lettering,” because it didn’t correspond to an existing font.
3575	Its extra-long bristles and pointed brush tip help get into the corners, and it can be hung up for easy storage.
3576	Its horizontal and vertical strokes have a similar weight (monolinear), but designer Anton Koovid has added a little variation to improve clarity.
3577	Its innovative brush tip was precisely crafted with the same attention to detail as a makeup brush, cut and contoured to allow for ultimate control and resulting in smooth, precise application every time.
3578	Its most recent mobilization has brought Quito to a standstill, and many shop owners and workers in the capital do not look kindly on what they see as an invasion -- flying white anti-protest flags.
3579	Its most recent mobilization has brought Quito to a standstill, and many shop owners and workers in the capital do not look kindly on what they see as an invasion — flying white anti-protest flags.
3580	Its most recent mobilization has brought Quito to a standstill, and many shop owners and workers in the capital do not look kindly on what they see as an invasion, flying white anti-protest flags.
3581	Its stalk is 10-20 cm long, and its tiny yellow flowers look like small seals.
3582	Its thin brush tip gives me the flexibility to fill in any messy areas, in case my swipe fails at first go.
3583	Its thin brush tip, designed to catch the smallest lashes at the top and bottom corners of the eyes, promises to lengthen lashes and a wear-time of up to 12 hours.
3584	Its thin brush tip, designed to catch the smallest lashes at the top and bottom corners of the eyes, promises to lengthen lashes with a wear-time of up to 12 hours.
3585	Its unassuming green facade and cursive script make the premises easy to mistake for a florist with a quirky line in ceramic bakeware.
3586	Its whiteness remained at 86.7 percent after the simulation, while the traditional Xuan paper had less than 42.5 percent whiteness.
3587	It‘s a process that starts without a formal script and involves collaboration and sometimes improvisation among directors, cast and crew.
3588	It’s a brush tip and you turn the bottom of the pen, like lipstick, to dispense the serum.
3589	It’s a culinary and cultural platform with emphasis on natural food-making processes, oriental tea culture and Chinese calligraphy.
3590	It’s a great sealer and finish, can be wiped on, brushed or sprayed, is slightly amber and dries very fast.
3591	It’s a liner pen, which I love for making cat eyes, and has a brush tip, which I prefer over a felt.
3592	It’s a long time running scripted drama series in the history of television.
3593	It’s a shame that Nomad doesn’t offer a brush set with both the long and short brush tips included, or at least sell them individually, as it would be useful to have both.
3594	It’s a simple click-pen with a brush tip that you swipe under your eyes and blend, and then move on.
3595	It’s a solid alternative as you do get a lot of control with the brush tip.
3596	It’s about cursive script, the art of writing beautifully in longhand with all those swirls and dips, with the letters holding hands up and down the page, and how once upon a time, that was a pretty big deal.
3597	It’s an odd proposition on two levels: both to decree an official style and to insist that that style be classical, the favored genre of the Third Reich.
3598	It’s best to use a fairly large brush tip and make short movements with the tool to gradually push pixels into new shapes.
3599	It’s best to wipe with your microfiber towel using vertical strokes first and horizontal strokes second.
3600	It’s double ended, with a wider, longer brush tip on one end and a shorter, thinner felt tip on the other for more precise work.
3601	It’s good to draw the Chinese calligraphy for the elements.
3602	It’s hard to imagine a condemnation of Hedley will be in the official script, but it’s certainly possible that the scandal will be alluded to during a particularly incendiary acceptance speech.
3603	It’s important to use a downward stroke to finish the look, a technique which helps look more flawless, because of the way it lays down facial hair.
3604	It’s no surprise, really, that when Simon came to make the great seal of state for Charles II in 1660, he chose exactly the same image – the king riding his horse over the city – but he’s facing in the opposite direction to Cromwell.
3605	It’s now possible to adjust the opacity and lightness on colored brush tips separately.
3606	It’s right there in the Great Seal of our country: Out of many one.
3607	It’s right there in the Great Seal of the United States, albeit in Latin.
3608	It’s small enough to pass as a second carry-on without rubbing up against the size constraints, and a shoulder strap lets it double as a general tablet or laptop bag when you reach your destination.
3609	It’s sticky and quick-drying to reduce wait time, and has an ultra-fine brush tip for easy application.
3610	It’s the OEM standard in Japan and gives you a great seal that is legal in New Zealand.
3611	It’s those zingers that deviate from the official script that make his Q&A sessions so revealing – I assume, purposefully so.
3612	It’s unclear what the flower exactly signifies, but we wouldn’t be surprised if it had something to do with wife Hailey Bieber, who he has dedicated ink to in the past, including the cursive script “forever” on the opposite side of his neck, which matches the 23-year-old’s “lover” tattoo, both done by the famous tattoo artist.
3613	It’s waterproof and has a brush tip that offers smudge-free application every time.
3614	It’s worthwhile to mention that in Poona, I used to teach Urdu to those who were interested in learning it along with its cursive script.
3615	It’s written in cursive script and located just above another tat she got in honor of her family, which includes the monikers of her husband John Legend and their two kids, Luna and Miles.
3616	Ivory for making 'hanko' or carved name seals is seen with it's registration certificate at a factory in Tokyo, Japan November 28, 2016.
3617	Ivory in Japan fetches high prices for use in jewelry, name seals and picks for the samisen, a traditional stringed instrument.
3618	Ivory is traditionally used in Japan for carved "hanko" name seals.
3619	Ivory is traditionally used in Japan for carved 'hanko' name seals.
3620	Ivory is traditionally used in Japan for carved ‘hanko' name seals.
3621	Ivory is traditionally used in Japan for carved ‘hanko’ name seals.
3622	Ivory is traditionally used in Japan to make hanko (carved name seals).
3623	Ivory is used for musical instruments, art and hankos – name seals often made from ivory to sign official documents.
3624	I’d been expecting Graham to have a brief cameo at best – but no: the feature opens with him, sat at his desk, composing a new poem, with that striking cursive script.
3625	I’m a life-long resident of Connecticut and knew our Great Seal pictured three grapevines and a ribbon below with the motto Qui Transtulit Sustinet (He who transplanted sustains).
3626	I’m a lifelong resident of Connecticut and knew our Great Seal pictured three grapevines and a ribbon below with the motto Qui Transtulit Sustinet (He who transplanted sustains).
3627	I’m interested in the idea of the official script.
3628	I’m sure you must have noticed a few players in the game by now that are just running scripts.
3629	I’ve always been really interested in Chinese calligraphy.
3630	I’ve attended classes on Chinese calligraphy, CGI math instruction, and mindfulness practice.
3631	I’ve been having a tough time with it lately, but if now’s a bad time, I can talk to someone else.” You don’t have to have a formal script prepared—you can just ask if they’ve got the time and reassure them that they’re not your only option if the answer is “No” or “Not now.” But the mere existence of problems isn’t a burden for the people who care about you.
3632	I’ve got a neon sign, in cursive script, in my editing room that reads: It’s Complicated.
3633	I’ve written about the Great Seal of the United States, but not a flashcard.
3634	JD Wetherspoon runs the Corn Exchange, High Cross, Last Plantagenet and White House pubs in Leicester, as well as the Amber Rooms and Moon and Bell in Loughborough, the Baron of Hinckley, the Kettleby Cross in Melton, the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal in Oadby, the Monkey Walk in Coalville, the Shoulder of Mutton in Ashby, the Sugar Loaf in Market Harborough, and the William Wygston in Wigston.
3635	Jackson quickly returned the favor with a run from the boards around a great seal from an extremely helpful Hall and beating Carlson on the near side pipe.
3636	Jamaican Education Minister Fayval Shirley Williams said this trip gives students “the opportunity to work in a cross-cultural environment, while accessing key training in technology." Students will participate in workshops on topics including entrepreneurship and Chinese calligraphy.
3637	Jamaican Education Minister Fayval Shirley Williams said this trip gives students “the opportunity to work in a cross-cultural environment, while accessing key training in technology.” Students will participate in workshops on topics including entrepreneurship and Chinese calligraphy.
3638	James Gunn, director of the films of Guardians of the Galaxy Y Suicide squad has finished writing the official script for The guardians of the galaxy holiday special, which as its name says will be a special that will arrive at Christmas time.
3639	Jamie would get the results and raced to Great Seal to try and beat Tucker to practice.
3640	Jammu, Oct 5 (PTI) A few years ago, some professionals from diverse fields came together on an e-platform to revive, learn and teach the most ancient and near-extinct "Sharda" script of Kashmir, a cursive script formerly used for writing Sanskrit and Kashmiri languages, thereby paving the way for the creation of a corps of 3,000 learned script writers.
3641	Jan Walls, past president for the Canadian Society of Asian Arts, said that Chinese calligraphy isn’t just an art.
3642	Japan, for instance, has been re-evaluating the use of hanko – physical name seals that have been crucial to sign documents, open bank accounts and finalise contracts.
3643	JavaScript doesn’t have an official style guide, perhaps a de-facto standard came out of Douglas Crockford’s The Good Parts.
3644	Jean demonstrated how the favourite colour, black, was produced by grinding a black ink stick against a wet stone.
3645	Jeff Merkley’s scroll of Chinese calligraphy, while declaring “We don’t want Chinese bullshit,” underscore the fact that Trump’s abortive insurrection hinged on claims that the CCP orchestrated Biden’s victory.
3646	Jehoash Inscription, a stone tablet supposedly carved with Hebrew text that describes renovation work on the first biblical temple by King Jehoash nearly 3,000 years ago, is seen in this handout photograph released by the Israel Antiquities Authority (IAA) on March 14, 2012.
3647	Jena Luc Pierite of the Tunia Biloxi tribe of Louisiana and president of the Native American Indian Center of Boston, cited acts already undertaken by the legislature, including the vote taken last year to review and revise the great seal of the commonwealth.
3648	Jenner specifically stated that the liner has a brush tip rather than a felt one.
3649	Jeremey prefers cleaning tablets (try Amazon) in powder form: 'I like this better because it distributes more evenly without more work on your end.' He also emphasizes the importance of regular physical scrubbing: 'you also need to keep your water fixture clean.
3650	Jessika got Micah's name tattooed in red cursive script on the back of her left arm and captioned the post: 'Aunty Jess's favourite (and only) nephew'.
3651	Jia Yi Lu, Hank Yuan, Jie Kuang and Mr Chi (with his students interpreting) explained to the Guardian Chinese calligraphy and the role of couplets in the new year decorations.
3652	Jiang Peilan teaches visitors how to make traditional Chinese calligraphy brushes at a popular tourist attraction in south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region.
3653	Jiangnan in misty rain–The artists sought for a synthesis of Chinese calligraphy, ink paintings, sloping crests, the local natural environment, and Western abstract sculpture.
3654	Jianshui pottery is also often decorated with Chinese calligraphy and painting, adding to its cultural worth.
3655	Jim Lankford (R-OK) got a recommendation from the Ethics Committee (which they run) to remove the Great Seal of the United States from breakfast communications.
3656	Jing Du, an authority on China who participates in many events, gave her children a lesson in Chinese calligraphy, using a Chinese paint brush to write simple strokes and words.
3657	Jing Tian is a mischievous pawnshop assistant who because of the power of a mystical jade, crosses paths with the spoiled and sassy Tang Xue Jian.
3658	Jingxian county in east China's Anhui Province is known as the birthplace of Xuan paper, a type of traditional Chinese paper dating back more than 1,500 years.
3659	Jinping, who recently secured an unprecedented third term, is known for sticking to the official script.
3660	Jinshi, inscriptions on ancient bronzes and stone tablets, is a traditional Chinese art form.
3661	JoJo recommends that participants have Chinese calligraphy brushes, liquid ink (black) and blank paper.
3662	Jocelyn Yang, a senior who practices Chinese calligraphy, said Chinese New Year is important for her and her family.
3663	John Adams wanted the splitting of the Red Sea to be on the Great Seal of the newly minted United States of America.
3664	John Adams, Benjamin Franklin and Thomas Jefferson even used a foreign phrase "E Pluribus Unum" (Latin for "out of many, one") for the first Great Seal of the United States.
3665	John Voorhees at MacStories has come up with a clever way to generate a bunch of AppleScript files that just run Shortcuts as a way to open up Shortcuts to apps that support running scripts, but not Shortcuts.
3666	John the Evangelist Elementary School, the bank initiated a program that tried to teach us to become “junior savers.” I remember opening an account and sending in a quarter at a time, in small sealed envelopes.
3667	John, who lives in Port Glasgow, has numerous tattoos including a tattoo on the back of his neck of a Chinese calligraphy symbol.
3668	Johnson was secured in the facility and another check was done, at which point a corrections officer found three small sealed plastic baggies, each containing heroin, and another bag, which contained cocaine, according to the statement.
3669	Johnson, who speaks nine languages, writes a regular column about language in the weekly edition of The Economist and helps update its official style guide.
3670	Join local artist, Suemae Willhite, as she demonstrates Chinese calligraphy and flower paint brushing techniques.
3671	Join us for a two session class to learn Chinese calligraphy with artist Jojo Liu.
3672	Join us for an exciting afternoon of educational programming:Learn about the historical origins, legends, and cultural traditions of the Lunar New Year holiday.Experience tranquility with a demonstration of the ancient and elegant art of Chinese calligraphy.
3673	Jolly was also learnt to have confessed that Roy's uncle, Mathew was poisoned by mixing cyanide in liquor and her present husband's first wife, Sili was killed by rubbing poison on a tablet.
3674	Joseph also designed the original Great Seal of Canada.
3675	Joshua Putnam R-Piedmont after he found that more than 100 laws enacted over the past 15 years don’t have the Great Seal on them.
3676	Joshua Putnam told The Associated Press on Thursday that he has been told the Great Seal of the State of South Carolina hasn't been applied to about 10 years' worth of laws passed by the General Assembly.
3677	Joshua Putnam told The Associated Press on Thursday that he has been told the Great Seal of the State of South Carolina hasn’t been applied to about 10 years’ worth of laws passed by the General Assembly.
3678	Journalist Anis Mansour, a former advisor to the coalition-backed government’s embassy in Riyadh, revealed, in a tweet on Twitter on May 10, the smuggling of Tablets bearing inscriptions in Musnad script slabs that were looted from the Awam temple to the UAE.
3679	Julia Louis-Dreyfus was the celebrity presenter, and for some reason, her running script was mostly made up of a series of groaning insult would-be one-liners that served to undercut the gravity of the occasion.
3680	Julia Louis-Dreyfus was the celebrity presenter, and for some reason, her running script was mostly made up of a series of groaning insult, would-be one-liners that served to undercut the gravity of the occasion.
3681	Julie Kucharski is the person behind this seal style “grunge”, which can be recycled in turn second hand clothes with patches.
3682	July 2, 1935, President Franklin Roosevelt approves $1 note back design with Great Seal reverse at left and obverse at right.
3683	Jumpstart is a great sealed experience for everyone, from new players to long time Magic fans.
3684	Jumpstart is a great sealed experience for everyone, from new players to long-time Magic fans.
3685	June 20 is American Eagle Day, a celebration that commemorates the date in 1782 when the bird was added to the Great Seal of the United States, effectively becoming a national symbol.
3686	June 20, 1782 - The U.S. Congress officially adopted the Great Seal of the United States of America.
3687	June 20, 1782: Congress adopts the Great Seal of the United States after six years of discussion.
3688	Junusbekova Meruyert (L) from Kazakhstan learns Chinese calligraphy at the China University of Petroleum in Qingdao, east China's Shandong Province, May 3, 2018.
3689	Just a few weeks ago, a bill was passed in the US state of Indiana declaring that all students in public schools must be taught to use cursive script.
3690	Just a year before, American officials had uncovered a hidden bug in the so-called “ Great Seal ,” a gargantuan wooden carving of the U.S. emblem that Soviet children had gifted the American ambassador, and which hung in the U.S. ambassador’s residence from 1945 to 1952.
3691	Just before the annual rush that is E3, Activision and Treyarch games hosted a community livestream event in Los Angeles which confirmed that this year’s release will be called Call of Duty: Black Ops 4 (or IIII if you’re using the official style and hate shorthand Roman numerals).
3692	Just drop a fizzing tablet into your steel water bottle, add warm water, and wait for 15 to 30 minutes before rinsing — no scrubbing required.
3693	Just fill these syringes with the latex-based paint of your choice and then twist the bottom until the paint is in the brush tip .
3694	Just in time for the holiday rush, a small seal made its way to Oakland International Airport early Thursday morning only to be escorted back home by authorities.
3695	Just like all the markets in the world, the Four Treasures of the Study market had also been affected by the COVID-19 global lockdown and the post-COVID rules and regulations.
3696	Just like the Chinese calligraphy nib, the fude nib is capable of adjusting itself to different pressures and angles.
3697	Just like with Chinese calligraphy, one needs to learn the basic strokes and the correct order in which they are put to paper in order to produce the best results.
3698	Just listen to how he pulls the volume back to a slender golden ray of tone several times in Tosti's gorgeous "Ideale," and especially the word "disciogliea" in the Puccini aria that closes this performance.
3699	Just over a year ago, Legend and Teigen paid tribute to their late son by getting matching tattoos of his name 'Jack' on their wrists by Winter in his familiar cursive script style.
3700	Just twist the barrel until the brush tip is filled with face paint.
3701	KANSAS CITY, MISSOURI, UNITED STATES, September 15, 2022 / EINPresswire.com / -- ValueHealth® LLC , the nationally recognized leader in value-based surgical care, announces a partnership with Great Seal Medical Group, an independent physician group based in Chillicothe, Ohio.
3702	KARACHI-The LUX Style Awards office is proud to present Sarmad Khoosat as the shows’ official script writer for the iconic LUX Style Awards 2019.
3703	KHOSROW HASSANZADEH - ARTIST STATEMENT (excerpt) "A poetic, vibrant, and often melancholic take on Persian calligraphy, Miniature painting, and popular Faal-e-Hafiz divinations, Khosrow Hassanzadeh revisits his identity by writing down his memories as poems whose dancing lines fuse together to form a cursive script whose content remains an undisclosed secret.
3704	KUALA LUMPUR, Jan 12 — Red lanterns, vibrant flowers, orange or kumquat trees, Chinese calligraphy stickers as well as banners and other predominantly red-coloured decorations adorn shops along Petaling Street in Chinatown here.
3705	KUALA LUMPUR: Red lanterns, vibrant flowers, orange or kumquat trees, Chinese calligraphy stickers as well as banners and other predominantly red-coloured decorations adorn shops along Petaling Street in Chinatown here.
3706	KUCHING (Dec 23): The Arabic and Chinese calligraphy art can bridge cultural divides if the art can be further extended and promoted to all levels of society, said Dato Sri Abdul Karim Rahman Hamzah.
3707	KUHN: Reporters were allowed to accompany the first lady to an elite high school in Beijing, where she visited a robotics class, tried her hand at Chinese calligraphy and volleyed with a gym teacher, echoing the Ping-Pong Diplomacy that broke the ice between the U.S. and China in the early 1970s.
3708	KaTeX: defaults to the official stylesheet.
3709	Kampala, Uganda | THE INDEPENDENT | Mi Youren, a 68-year-old pensioner from Jinan, China was watching Animal World on TV when he saw the African leopards chasing antelopes and got an idea.
3710	Kang also recognized the art of Dr. Yuhua Shouzhi Wang as inspired by Bada Shanren, and commented that the excellence of Professor Wang’s art does not lie in how the artist represents the form of nature, but in how she expresses her mind through the forms, and how the movement of the brush captures the spirit.
3711	Kanye West is Kim Kardashian's official style advisor, and the person responsible for many of her biggest fashion lewks - but apparently, he didn't have anything to do with her Met Gala dress.
3712	Kate’s title change is just one of many changes her official style will likely undergo over the coming years as a senior member of the Royal Family.
3713	Kathy was also a producer of Fox Television’s longest running scripted drama, Bones, which was based on her work and her novels.
3714	Katy said that they also put lucky messages in Chinese calligraphy on pieces of paper that they hang up.
3715	Kauffman gave Lerner a small sealed plastic tub of chicken matzoh ball soup and exchanged pleasantries.
3716	Kay Ivey and Blue Origin President Rob Meyerson lift an Alabama great seal in the Saturn V Hall at the U.S. Space & Rocket Center in Huntsville on June 26, 2017.
3717	Kay goes to Melbourne to scope out a facility for Edna, who has enough flying white hair for two J-Horror films.
3718	Keep an eye on the sky for flying white singlets.
3719	Keep brushing until the brush tip is fully colored, and you are getting strokes with no white showing through.
3720	Keep rubbing the tablet and you’ll see that it starts melting as it breaks down the scorch marks.
3721	Keep the Frozen Cooling Globe in the fridge or freezer until it’s ready to massage the face — use gentle, downward strokes to de-puff.
3722	Keep the downward stroke powerful even in the second phase (from 5 to 6 o’clock).
3723	Keeping her accessories simple, Kylie donned a slender gold bracelet and a pair of chandelier earrings.
3724	Kelvin Goertzen, Minister of Justice and Attorney-General, Keeper of the Great Seal of the Province of Manitoba and Minister Responsible for Manitoba Public Insurance is sworn in at the Manitoba Legislative Building in Winnipeg on Jan.
3725	Kenyan students write Chinese calligraphy during an event celebrating the upcoming UN Chinese Language Day at the Confucius Institute at the University of Nairobi, in Nairobi, Kenya, April 18, 2023.
3726	Keurig coffee makers use K-Cups, small sealed pods containing ground coffee.
3727	Keurig machines use K-Cups, small sealed pods containing ground coffee.
3728	Key Benefits: Japanese precision brush tip for single-stroke color.
3729	Key Benefits:Pretty, adorned holiday packagingSlender and flexible brush tipWaterproof and intensely pigmentedAll NYX Professional Makeup products are PETA certified cruelty-free.
3730	Kids activities include arts and crafts, Chinese calligraphy classes by Robin Wang, bingo, and a variety of different games.
3731	Kids will be able to make Year of the Dog paper lanterns in the museum yard from 6 to 8 p.m. Cultural activities for all ages include: Chinese calligraphy with Rev.
3732	Killall Terminal is used to kill the running script’s terminal window after the activity bash script activity is completed.
3733	Kimberly Chance, deputy clerk, received a beach towel imprinted with the Great Seal of the State of North Carolina for her 10 years of service to the Sampson County Clerk of Court’s office.
3734	Kinda clunky, isn’t it, but then, clunky is the Globe’s official style.
3735	Kiran, who made the quarters in Pune, has a good attack – a sharp downward stroke and deception, and has developed a good dribble and net game in the last six months.
3736	Kirili moved to New York in 1979, where he continued experimenting with forged iron, in works that variously reached out from walls or were scattered about the floor, as in his “Commandement” series: unique, abstract, glyph-like forms inspired by Chinese calligraphy and Hebrew script, ranging in height from roughly one to three feet each and placed in groupings of up to ninety.
3737	Kizito Mihigo fell out with the government because of messages of reconciliation that did not fit into the official script.
3738	Known as Kuzushiji, the ancient cursive script was used from the 8th century to the start of the 20th, however less than 0.01 per cent of the world’s population can currently read it.
3739	Known as Linear A, the ancient script from Crete appears on some 1,400 inscriptions, most of which are on clay tablets dating back to c1800-1450 BC, during the island’s flourishing Minoan era.
3740	Known as Taiwan's master of modern dance, Lin honed his skills at the University of Iowa before founding Cloud Gate Dance Theater, combining Chinese calligraphy with dance.
3741	Known worldwide for her Chinese calligraphy and water painting, Pang is one of most in-demand custom body artists and typically has a four-year waitlist.
3742	Kobe gave his blessing, and so Nike released a Kyrie 3 dubbed the “Mamba Mentality Bruce Lee.” That shoe carried over the traditional color blocking and red slashes from the original, but added a unique homage to Kobe in the upper: Chinese calligraphy on the outer side that fades into a snakeskin print on the inner, the transition between Dragon and Mamba seamless.
3743	Kong, who was on a tour to Singapore, said he loves and practises Chinese calligraphy regularly, and would take Tan's work back home to imitate.
3744	Kourtney wrote the words "I love you" on his arm in cursive script, showing that the pair are pretty serious about each other.
3745	Krieger uses her own combination of painting media including natural pigments, graphite and acrylic, along with Chinese ink on Xuan paper, allowing it to flow and transform, creating atmospheric landscapes of mountains, land, water and sky.
3746	Krita 4.3 also introduces the ability to separately adjust the opacity and lightness on colored brush tips, as well as the ability to create animated brush tips that select brush along multiple dimensions, and the ability to place the central canvas area in its own window, which might be useful for multi-monitor setups.
3747	L. Maushard The stripped and defaced original eagle great seal of the American Embassy is displayed largely unnoticed above the new “museum” signage.
3748	LACMA Dong Qichang, "Landscape in the Style of Wang Meng," created in the 1620s-1630s.
3749	LANSING - Secretary of State Jocelyn Benson is reminding residents that all state Secretary of State offices and the Office of the Great Seal will be closed Monday, Jan.
3750	LANSING – Secretary of State Jocelyn Benson reminds residents that all Secretary of State offices and the Office of the Great Seal will be closed Monday in observance of Veterans Day.
3751	LANSING – Secretary of State Jocelyn Benson reminds residents that all Secretary of State offices and the Office of the Great Seal will be closed Sept.
3752	LANSING — Secretary of State Ruth Johnson reminds residents that all offices and the Office of the Great Seal will be closed in observance of Independence Day on July 4.
3753	LANSING — Secretary of State Ruth Johnson reminds residents that all offices and the Office of the Great Seal will be closed in observance of Martin Luther King Jr.
3754	LANSING — Secretary of State Ruth Johnson reminds residents that all offices and the Office of the Great Seal will be closed on Sept.
3755	LFI attacks, which rely on vulnerabilities that allow users to trick a server into running scripts, could expose both player data or game details that enable the development of cheats.
3756	LORAC Front of the Line PRO Liquid Eyeliner Front of the Line PRO Liquid Eyeliner $23 LORAC see on ulta beauty Worthy of the red carpet (Kristen Cavallari and Awkwafina wore it to awards shows this year), LORAC's longwear liquid liner is set apart by a flexible brush tip that makes for the most controlled wing possible.
3757	LORAC Front of the Line PRO Liquid Eyeliner LORAC Front of the Line PRO Liquid Eyeliner $23 see on ulta beauty Worthy of the red carpet (Kristen Cavallari and Awkwafina wore it to awards shows this year), LORAC's longwear liquid liner is set apart by a flexible brush tip that makes for the most controlled wing possible.
3758	LOS ANGELES: "The Simpsons" has become the longest running scripted show in primetime American television history after airing its record-breaking 636th episode.
3759	LUA – for running scripts within themes that are more complex than what bash can provide.
3760	LUNAR NEW YEAR CELEBRATION Visit the wildlife dioramas, learn Chinese calligraphy and make a decoration that promotes good luck all year from 10 a.m. to noon Jan.
3761	LUSAIL, OCT 6: Qatar wants the 2022 World Cup mascot of a flying white headdress to symbolise football's showcase tournament, just as the noisy vuvuzela horn did when South Africa hosted it in 2010.
3762	LUSAIL, Qatar: Qatar wants the 2022 World Cup mascot of a flying white headdress to symbolise football’s showcase tournament, just as the noisy vuvuzela horn did when South Africa hosted it in 2010.
3763	Labels were designed in a bold, black cursive script font for easy reading on a clear glossy backing.
3764	Lady Liberty holds a tablet with the inscription "July 4th, 1776" in Roman numerals, referencing the day America became an independent nation.
3765	Lady Wei, whose most famous disciple was Wang Xizhi, established consequential rules about the regular script.
3766	Lafite's Long Dai wine sports its name in Chinese calligraphy and bottles have an image of its vineyard featuring a building with a traditional curved roof.
3767	Lafite’s Long Dai wine sports its name in Chinese calligraphy and bottles have an image of its vineyard featuring a building with a traditional curved roof.
3768	Lam King-leung, who sells name seals, or chops, in the Sheung Wan neighborhood, had a few dozen ivory ones next to plastic and stone versions in his alleyway stall's display case.
3769	Lam King-leung, who sells name seals, or chops, in the Sheung Wan neighborhood, had a few dozen ivory ones next to plastic and stone versions in his alleyway stall’s display case.
3770	Lam King-leung, who sells name seals, or chops, in the Sheung Wan neighbourhood , had a few dozen ivory ones next to plastic and stone versions in his alleyway stall's display case.
3771	Lan Jianhui, a local expert, said the newly discovered stone tablet with clear inscriptions had been well preserved.
3772	Lan Ting Xu was written by the famous Chinese calligrapher Wang Xizhi in the 4th century.
3773	Landscape is to Alexander’s art what the rambunctious, newly modernized streets of Paris were to Camille Pissaro in the 19th century or China’s ancient granite mountains were to Dong Qichang 300 years before that.
3774	Lanham's terminology about the official style (also known as the bureaucratic style and as bureaucratese and officialese).
3775	Lanyu Zheng, an employee of the Cambridge Center for Chinese Culture, shows a volunteer how to write in Chinese calligraphy.
3776	Lao Tzu), as well as the fact that: "he abandoned German (Gothic) cursive script, understood to be national, and adopted Latin characters" in his handwriting.
3777	Larger rocks are positioned like sculptures and some feature reproductions of Chinese calligraphy.
3778	Lashes are bigger, bolder and of course longer, with a tapered brush tip, you can also get into the really fine lashes and define them too.
3779	Last Monday's mystery photo was taken of the great seal on the exterior of the Glenwood Springs Post Office and was correctly guessed first by Krissy Jimenez.
3780	Last Tuesday pass’d the Great Seal, a Commission, appointing his Excellency Thomas Wyndham, Lord Baron of Finglass, Lord High Steward of Ireland, for trying the Rt.
3781	Last but definitely not least are the official style guide websites themselves.
3782	Last name surname chang or zhang the third most common chinese last name which mean expanding bowstring pulling if you have the chinese last name chang this is a great chinese brush stroke design with seal script stamp great for gift for anyone with the last name chang.
3783	Last night, The Simpsons became the longest running scripted prime time program on TV with its 636th episode.
3784	Last summer, Comedy Central celebrated the historic 25th anniversary of cable's longest running scripted series with "South Park: The 25th Anniversary Concert".
3785	Last summer, Comedy Central celebrated the historic 25th anniversary of cable’s longest running scripted series with “South Park: The 25th Anniversary Concert”.
3786	Last week I toured some of the same sites that I had on my first visit – St Paul’s Cathedral, St John’s Church, the bombastic Victoria Memorial – and on stone tablets and statues in each of them read chiselled inscriptions to duty and sacrifice, which were lauded as the key personal qualities in the success of the mid-to late empire.
3787	Last week I toured some of the same sites that I had on my first visit — St Paul’s Cathedral, St John’s Church, the bombastic Victoria Memorial — and on stone tablets and statues in each of them read chiselled inscriptions to duty and sacrifice, which were lauded as the key personal qualities in the success of the mid-to late empire.
3788	Last year, Shanghai resident Guo Kai said his family spent about 80,000 yuan ($11,428) on more than five extracurricular classes ranging from Chinese calligraphy to physics for their 13-year-old daughter.
3789	Last year, Whole Foods reportedly flagged High Road Craft Ice Cream’s packaging for containing cursive script.
3790	Last year, a group of international scholars who had sifted through a dump pile from the 1980s excavations announced that they had discovered a tablet at Mount Ebal containing the oldest extant Hebrew inscription, one invoking the name of God.
3791	Last, note that liquid formulas are the best eyeliner for wings, and they can have either felt tips or brush tips.
3792	Lastly, the Instrument of Consent, which will be presented to the happy couple after their wedding on May 19, features the Queen’s signature towards the top right corner of the document and is sealed with the red Great Seal of the Realm.
3793	Later in the year there’s a recreation of Matisse in the Studio (August 5 – November 12) which will assemble his collection of exotica and ephemera featuring everything from African masks to Chinese calligraphy from which he drew inspiration.
3794	Later it was adapted for the Great Seal of New South Wales – attached to convict pardons and land grants.
3795	Later that year there were fears the site would become "tiny" flats, some as small as 30 sq m, which were likened to making someone live "in a small sealed box".
3796	Later, a new script was devised in the First Bulgarian Empire and became the Empire’s official script in the year 893.
3797	Later, from 1957 to 1976, we can list Luo Longji, Xu Zhucheng, Ding Ling, Zhang Chunqiao, Yao Wenyuan, Chen Boda, Zhou Yiliang, Tang Yijie, Yang Jiang, Qian Zhongshu, Yue Daiyun, Fang Lizhi, the Li Yizhe group (Li Zhengtian, Chen Yiyang, and Wang Xizhe), Lin Xiling and Zhang Rong (pp.
3798	Later, other men used chisels to set inscriptions into stone tablets.
3799	Later, she went to the China Academy of Art in China to master Chinese calligraphy and brush painting.
3800	Later, the curls in his distinctive signature of three vertical strokes take the form of three tiny phalluses.
3801	Latin expert Charles Thomas (1729-1824), who helped design the Great Seal of the United States, made clear it was America’s entrance on the world stage that reordered the globe’s moral and political structure.
3802	Lau, to put it generally, preached a downward stroke to the point of impact, believing that to be the shortest, most direct path to the ball.
3803	Lauren added she also removed the “power ball” from the middle of the tablet before she started scrubbing away.
3804	Laval’s watercolour Bretons se promenant (Bretons Walking) (1889) uses an unusual Divisionist-like effect, but with short vertical strokes instead of dots or horizontal tiles.
3805	Laval’s watercolour of Bretons se promenant (Bretons Walking) (1889) uses a Divisionist-like effect, but with short vertical strokes instead of dots or horizontal tiles.
3806	Lawyers acting for three other convicted defendants – merchants Lam Kai Ming and Tang Wai Sum, and village representative Tang Ying Bun – will advance mitigation on Wednesday.
3807	Le Petit Roi even advanced some baby steps in favor of de-dollarization (certainly under supervision of his financial masters) and not in favor of Forever Wars.So the Americans, in panic, had to send German 5th column Annalena "360 Degrees" Bearbock in a hurry to Beijing to try to undo Le Petit Roi's outbursts - and reaffirm the Washington Dictates Brussels official script.
3808	LeCompte explained in his letter that the vial contained "a small sealed bag of my ejaculation that I did for you." There was no information provided as to whom the package was addressed to.
3809	Lead teacher, Fang Tian from the Confucius Institute will run a Chinese calligraphy taster and Cherry Blossom painting session.
3810	Learn more about the ancient art of Chinese calligraphy before you take home your artwork, that’s been created with the new strokes that you’ve perfected.
3811	Learn opera mask-making and Chinese calligraphy or enjoy performances like Cantonese opera and Cantonese old folk songs - these provide great opportunities for families to come together in celebration of the new year.
3812	Learn the basics of Chinese calligraphy, focusing on the work of Ou Yang Xun, one of the great calligraphers of the Tang Dynasty.
3813	Leawood, Kan.-based ValueHealth has partnered with Chillicothe, Ohio-based Great Seal Medical Group to develop several ASCs throughout Ohio and across the upper Midwest region.
3814	Lectures on intangible cultural heritages are delivered and participants learn ancient document restoration and stele inscription techniques from specialists.
3815	Lee Kin Ming has inherited and digitalized over 5,000 Chinese calligraphy characters left by his father's late business partner Li Hon, and created the "Li Hon Kong Kai Font".
3816	Lee Kin Ming has inherited and digitalized over 5,000 Chinese calligraphy characters left by his father’s late business partner Li Hon, and created the “Li Hon Kong Kai Font”.
3817	Lee said she agrees with Yang, saying traditional Chinese calligraphy should be preserved and is an important tradition of Chinese New Year.
3818	Left bracket key and right bracket key are the shortcut keys to increase or decrease the size of the brush tip.
3819	Leon Theremin, the music instrument designer, also built a sonic bug that was hidden inside a wooden Great Seal of the United States in the U.S. ambassador’s home in Moscow after World War II.
3820	Leroy Sane, who was also in the starting line-up, equalized another five minutes later in the best seal style for Bayern.
3821	Less decadent is the Gold rush salmon yu sheng (from $78), presented against a hand-drawing of a tiger on a plate, with an auspicious greeting wrought in Chinese calligraphy.
3822	Let me close with a thought on the Great Seal of the State of Kansas.
3823	Let spray settle for a minute and gently back-comb hair in downward strokes.
3824	Let us look at how the NDA government has been dragging its feet and making excuses for that flying white elephant called Air India.
3825	Let us resolve to cherish our freedom and realize the motto that appears on the Great Seal of the Republic: E pluribus unum, or Out of many, one.
3826	Let us resolve to cherish our freedom and realize the motto that appears on the Great Seal of the Republic: “E pluribus unum,” or “Out of many, one.” As the patriot and civil rights activist Rosa Parks observed, we will fail only if we fail to try.
3827	Let's lock the Shredder in a small sealed room for a few days with my buddy Fat Larry, who will be provided with his favorite diet of beans, cheese, beer, sauerkraut, and pork rinds.
3828	Let’s have fun learning and writing Chinese calligraphy!
3829	Let’s put her on the great seal of California and embrace the truth that California is named after the mythical Black Amazon Queen Calafia.
3830	Let’s reclaim the part of the American dream that calls for civility, respect for differences and a belief in “E Pluribus Unum,” “Out of Many, One.” After all, that’s the motto Congress enacted to grace the great seal of The United States in 1782.
3831	Lewis’ hands looked a little red around the edges of his tattoos from February on Wednesday, while he also debuted a new inking on the side of his left hand – a word written in large cursive script, which couldn’t quite be made out in full due to his sleeve.
3832	Li Changde (C) takes his grandchildren Li Siyu (R) and Li Qingyi to walk to school at a newly-built community for poverty alleviation relocation at Shexiang ancient township of Dafang County, southwest China's Guizhou Province, Dec.
3833	Li Keran combines Chinese calligraphy with a European style to create landscape paintings.
3834	Li Siyao, an inheritor of the intangible cultural heritage of dough sculpture, makes a dough sculpture in the ancient town of Qingcheng, Yuzhong county of Lanzhou, northwest China's Gansu Province.
3835	Li Siyu, 8, and his 6-year-old sister Li Qingyi, formerly lived at Hetou Village as members of a poverty-stricken household.
3836	Li Ying and Tang Jiali both netted twice, while Zhang Xin, and Wang Shanshan also scored to all but end Thailand's shot at qualifying for Tokyo.
3837	Li Ying and Tang Jiali both netted twice, while Zhang Xin, and Wang Shanshan also scored to all but end Thailand’s shot at qualifying for Tokyo.
3838	Li Ying and Tang Jiali both scored twice Friday, while Zhang Xin, and Wang Shanshan also scored to all but end Thailand's shot at qualifying for Tokyo.
3839	Li Ying and Tang Jiali both scored twice Friday, while Zhang Xin, and Wang Shanshan also scored to all but end Thailand’s shot at qualifying for Tokyo.
3840	Li Ying and Tang Jiali each scored two goals on Friday, while Zhang Xin and Wang Shanshan scored all goals in qualifying for Tokyo.
3841	Li Ying and Tang Jiali scored two goals apiece for the China women’s national team while Zhang Xin and Wang Shanshan also scored while Silawan Intamee scored Thailand’s only goal of the game in the 80th minute.
3842	Li applies grogged clay to depict people going about their daily lives, while Yeung uses Chinese calligraphy and white porcelain as the medium of her artworks.
3843	Li, who teaches an installation class and Chinese calligraphy at UCSD, is formally trained as a filmmaker and multimedia artist.
3844	Liang is an established artist who honed her talents in Chinese calligraphy and landscape painting since she was a child.
3845	Liberal arts and skills including Chinese calligraphy.
3846	Liew likened the subject to Chinese calligraphy, where students with interest in the subject can opt to take it as an elective.
3847	Liew, who is also Sabah PKR chief, said khat should be treated similarly to Chinese calligraphy, where students with interest in the subject could take it up as an elective.
3848	Lifting her hair to show off her new body art, the star explained that she decided to have her 12-month-old son Wave’s name inked in red cursive script on her face.
3849	Light catches on the textured vertical and horizontal strokes.
3850	Like a linguistic breeder, he combines Chinese calligraphy with English writing to create a new composite that contains real meanings.
3851	Like a linguistic breeder, the artist combines Chinese calligraphy with English writing to create a new composite that does contain the real meanings.
3852	Like in Chinese calligraphy, we have different lines making characters.
3853	Like many Chinese Communist leaders of his era, Mr. Li revealed little of himself, usually reading from turgid official scripts in public.
3854	Like many Chinese Communist leaders of his era, he revealed little of himself, usually reading from turgid official scripts in public.
3855	Like once when mum drove past the American Embassy and I saw the Great Seal of the United States.
3856	Like so many scripts, I started making Bodhi's test running script in bash before realizing that it was growing too many tentacles and was becoming difficult to extend.
3857	Likewise, "The Eagle and the Shield: A History of the Great Seal of the United States" (1976), a book put out by the U.S. State Department and authored by Richard S.
3858	Likewise, the Four Treasures of the Study market report is designed with advanced methodologies along with the sales and providers analysis of the Four Treasures of the Study market.
3859	Likewise, the Four Treasures of the Study market study integrates the major data about the market driving forces, restraining factors, and a number of factors such as changeable manufacturing costs, research and development expenses, and difficulties in various business operations.
3860	Lila, a 21-year-old Tumblr user, recently used the “femcel” tag on a post that reads, in curling cursive script, asking myself if I can cook my instant noodles with vodka instead of water.
3861	Lili and Celia, two great seals, had shamrock-shaped ice treats.
3862	Lily Briscoe first imagines that there exist, “in the chambers of the mind and heart” of Mrs. Ramsey, “tablets bearing sacred inscriptions,” which, if deciphered, could teach her everything she longs to know about this woman.
3863	Linear A, which was used by the Minoans during the Bronze Age, exists on at least 1,400 known inscriptions made on clay tablets.
3864	Linear B tablets used to document palace transactions during the Mycenaean Period – inscriptions known as the earliest preserved form of written Greek – were decoded for guidelines.
3865	Ling told Thepaper.cn: “The Tokyo National Museum has been putting on special exhibitions of ancient Chinese calligraphy, which shows respect and love for the Chinese culture.
3866	Linux Web Hosting allows for running script written in Perl, PHP, Python and other Unix- originated language.
3867	Lion dances, dragon dances, Chinese calligraphy, martial arts, Beijing opera, K-POP dance, a tea ceremony, dumpling-making demos, crafts fun, and other activities will fill five festive hours on Sunday, Jan.
3868	Liquid Liner- Line and define your eyes with an easy to use precise brush tip.
3869	Listed activities include weaving, Tamil and Chinese calligraphy, a cultural hand-puppet display and an invitation to try on a hijab.
3870	Lithium-ion, small sealed lead acid rechargeable batteries and lithium primary batteries must be individually bagged or have their terminals covered with tape before they are shipped.
3871	Living up to the name, the brush tip liquid eyeliner goes on “hyper easy” without the skips, slips, gaps and struggle.
3872	Load is typically too late to start running scripts anyway.
3873	Loading In a description of one such camp held this year, participating Singaporean students were promised a full itinerary of activities including lessons in Chinese calligraphy and history.
3874	Loads of group members said that a dishwasher tablet does the trick with no need for scrubbing the machine.
3875	Local artisans will demonstrate traditional Chinese calligraphy, kite making, fan painting, and embroidery, and visitors can solve Chinese riddles.
3876	Local artisans will demonstrate traditional Chinese calligraphy, lantern making, embroidery, fan making, traditional Chinese fortune telling for the year ahead, and visitors can solve Chinese riddles.
3877	Local businesses too are getting involved with Taste of Asia Afternoon Teas at the Waldorf Astoria Hotel, limited edition Chinese-themed cocktails at Harvey Nichols, and a Chinese calligraphy artist at Strathberry, on Multrees Walk, creating complimentary, bespoke artworks to allow customers to experience the ancient tradition for themselves.
3878	Local craft supply shop and teahouse(1498 Lower Water Street) is encouraging people to learn an art form or craft by offering old and new creative workshops every month.andQu opened the shop last April, where they teach classes in bookbinding, Chinese calligraphy, tea ceremony and more.
3879	Local media report that cops in the capital rescued a small seal from a city street and transported it back to safety in their cruiser.
3880	Lockwood students learn about the Great Seal of Missouri during their tour of the Capitol.
3881	Lofty vertical lines are juxtaposed by succinct horizontal strokes and sweeping arcs.
3882	Logging in users, running scripts that configure users’ computers and assign system privileges, and controlling what network resources are available to various users or groups are just a few of the tasks an active directory carries out.
3883	Logue said scrapers ranged from individuals running scripts for personal use, such as to be alerted to new rental listings each Monday, to more sophisticated operators that re-packaged the data and onsold it.
3884	Long vertical strokes work better.
3885	Long, slow, downward strokes are more predictable, calming, and relaxing for your pup.
3886	Longacre decided to use his own interpretation of the Great Seal of the United States as the main device.
3887	Longacre intended that this design would be a variation of the Great Seal of the United States.
3888	Look at the mottos on our Great Seal: “A New Order for the Ages” and “Out of Many, One.” In the 18th century divisions between the colonists were partially healed.
3889	Look for articles about national and local history in the Great Seal Living Magazine each month including a Patriot Snapshot about local patriots.
3890	Look for the 2007 United States 41¢ Great Seal of the United States Official coil stamp (Scott O162) in mint never-hinged condition, in plate-number strips of five, and on cacheted first-day covers.
3891	Look for types 2 and 3 of the plate-number blocks of four of the 1936 16¢ Great Seal of the United States airmail special delivery stamp (Scott CE2).
3892	Look high above to the ceiling, and there are beautiful rays of sunshine, just like on the Great Seal of Ohio.
3893	Looking at the tablet tricks the visitor at first, as the monument is in such disrepair that parts of its original inscription are indecipherable.
3894	Looking like a truncated cone with a hemisphere embedded in it, Skaldon’s Dome protects a small sealed garden within it.
3895	Looping cursive script scribed in royal blue pen adorns a pristine white page.
3896	Lopez went for “Ben” and “Jennifer” written in cursive script, along an infinity symbol.
3897	Lord chancellor, referred to at times as Lord high chancellor or Lord keeper of the great seal, which was affixed as the sovereign signature on state documents, etc., is only the custodian for England.
3898	Los Angeles, United State, – The report titled Global Four Treasures of the Study Market is one of the most comprehensive and important additions to QY Research’s archive of market research studies.
3899	Los Angeles: The Simpsons has become the longest running scripted show in primetime American television history after airing its record-breaking 636th episode.
3900	Lot more arms, a sense of compactness, preference for punchy shots, boxer’s rapid foot movement in stance to the pacers, the horizontal strokes, the on-the-up salvos, and the sudden deceleration to soft-handed tip-and-runs.
3901	Lou Wei, the executive vice president of the Palace Museum, as the opener, brought the scroll of “Mrs. Xiang Jun and Mrs. Xiang” by Ming Dynasty painter Wen Zhengming based on the “Mr.
3902	Low-code, drag-and-drop interface that enables developers to build their own update flow logic, including artifacts, containers, running scripts, commands, release bundles, pulling from Git repositories, and more.
3903	Lu Ji is also the writer of the oldest extant work of Chinese calligraphy, a short letter to his friends that has been named the Pingfutie (Consoling Letter).
3904	Luckily, Mrs Hinch fans have revealed their go-to item to safely clean an air fryer basket with little to no scrubbing - a single dishwasher tablet.
3905	Luckily, a group of dedicated cleaning enthusiasts have revealed the nifty hack that can banish even the most blackened marks with minimal scrubbing - and all it takes is a common dishwasher tablet.
3906	Luckily, part of the original inscription remains legible, identifying the peculiar tablet’s original purpose.
3907	Luckily, the Chinese brush and ink were still kept, to make the Chinese calligraphy and painting practice still possible.
3908	Lucky Penny Press, the innovative publisher of e-books for children, has created another first: a beautifully illustrated book of Chinese calligraphy by local Santa Barbara artist Suemae Lin Willhite.
3909	Luk developed a passion for traditional Chinese calligraphy at age six.
3910	Lulu's Faerie Companion Pix also gets transformed into a flying white pony.
3911	Lunar New Year Calligraphy Class: To celebrate the Year of the Rabbit, instructor Jojo Liu will be teaching Chinese calligraphy basics including holding a brush, writing basics and learning New Year sayings.
3912	Lupton points to Israeli artist Noa Zilberman’s Wrinkles jewelry collection as a direct commentary on beauty as change: The slender gold pieces that make up the collection, designed to follow the grooves and creases on Zilberman’s face just after the birth of her first son, accentuate the wearers wrinkles rather than hide them.
3913	Lusail (Qatar) (AFP) – Qatar wants the 2022 World Cup mascot of a flying white headdress to symbolise football's showcase tournament, just as the noisy vuvuzela horn did when South Africa hosted it in 2010.
3914	Lush arrangements of cut flowers are zip-tied onto a painted-white MDF template of lowercase cursive script.
3915	M&S included the pretty underwear in a video posted to their official style Instagram account.
3916	M&S shared a styling video of the denim-on-denim look to their official style Instagram account.
3917	M&S shared the gorgeous suit in a video to their official style Instagram account.
3918	M&S showed off the matching shirt and trousers in a photo on their official style Instagram.
3919	M&S showed off the trousers in a styling clip on their official style Instagram account.
3920	MAC and Urban Decay also make ones with felt or brush tips like your go-to liquid liner, so you'll be used to maneuvering it.
3921	MEXICO: An inscribed stone tablet unearthed by a cattle rancher in Lacanja Tzeltal, Chiapas, has led to the discovery of a long-lost Maya city that was founded around 750 B.C. The existence of an important regional capital called Sak Tz’i’ was known from previously discovered inscriptions, but its exact location had eluded archaeologists for decades.
3922	MFA Circle Gallery presents the 12th annual national juried exhibition “Strokes of Genius.” The sweep and flow of the brush conveys all that is in the head and heart of the artist.
3923	MICHIGAN — Secretary of State Ruth Johnson reminds residents that all offices and the Office of the Great Seal will be closed in observance of the Thanksgiving holiday.
3924	MICHIGAN-- Secretary of State Ruth Johnson reminds residents that, in honor of Veterans Day, all Secretary of State offices and the Office of the Great Seal will be closed Monday, Nov.
3925	MOAHR did not immediately respond to a request for comment about the specific timing of when the rules might be filed with the Office of the Great Seal.
3926	MOST READ IN FABULOUS LOFTY AMBITION Bloke turns dingy attic into a MASSIVE walk-in wardrobe for his wife OVEN A GO Cleaning fans use dishwasher tablet to get oven trays sparkling with no scrubbing MYSTIC MEG July 1: Single?
3927	MOST READ IN FABULOUS OH BABY ‘Big Baby’ becomes star after mum vows to make him famous… but not everyone’s a fan GOING VIRAL The funniest tweets shared by worn-out mums and bored women during lockdown OVEN A GO Cleaning fans use dishwasher tablet to get oven trays sparkling with no scrubbing RING TRUE?
3928	MOST READ IN FABULOUS OVEN A GO Cleaning fans use dishwasher tablet to get oven trays sparkling with no scrubbing RING TRUE?
3929	MOST READ IN TECH ROCKY HORROR Inscription on mystery stone finally decoded to reveal grim truth about murder Warning PET HATE How TikTok has become a hotbed of animal cruelty as thugs PUNCH helpless dogs DREAM STREAM Netflix trialling £2.99 plan – but it only works on smartphones or tablets HOT AND BOTHERED Instagram model says she was BANNED from Tinder for being 'too hot' BOOKED!
3930	MOUNT EBAL, Israel (BP) – Further evidence of ancient Hebrew language, in the form of a lead tablet with a written inscription, has been discovered near Mt. Ebal in Israel.
3931	MTI provides official scripts, musical materials and dynamic theatrical resources to over 70,000 professional, community and school theaters in the U.S. and over 60 countries worldwide.
3932	MTI provides official scripts, scores, and theatrical resources to over 100,000 professional, community and school theatres in the US and in over 150 countries worldwide.
3933	MTI provides official scripts, scores, and theatrical resources to over 70,000 professional, community and school theatres in the US and in over 125 countries worldwide.
3934	MTI works directly with composers, lyricists and book writers of these musicals to offer official scripts, musical materials and dynamic theatrical resources to over 70,000 theatrical organizations in the USA and in over 60 countries worldwide.
3935	MTI works directly with the composers, lyricists and book writers of these musicals to provide official scripts, musical materials and dynamic theatrical resources to over 100,000 professional, community and school theatres in the US and in over 150 countries worldwide.
3936	MTI works directly with the composers, lyricists and book writers of these musicals to provide official scripts, musical materials and dynamic theatrical resources to over 70,000 professional, community and school theatres in the US and in over 60 countries worldwide.
3937	MTI works directly with the composers, lyricists and book writers of these musicals to provide official scripts, musical materials, and dynamic theatrical resources to over 70,000 professional, community, and school theatres in the US and in over 60 countries worldwide.
3938	MTI works directly with the composers, lyricists and book writers of these shows to provide official scripts, musical materials and dynamic theatrical resources to over 60,000 theatrical organizations in the US and in over 60 countries worldwide.
3939	MTI works directly with the composers, lyricists and book writers of these shows to provide official scripts, musical materials and dynamic theatrical resources to over 70,000 theatrical organizations in the US and in more than 60 countries.
3940	MTI works directly with the composers, lyricists and book writers of these shows to provide official scripts, musical materials and dynamic theatrical resources to over 70,000 theatrical organizations in the US and in over 60 countries worldwide.
3941	MTI works directly with the composers, lyricists and book writers of these shows to provide official scripts, musical materials and theatrical resources to more than 60,000 theatrical organizations in the United States and in more than 60 countries worldwide.
3942	MTI works directly with the composers, lyricists and bookwriters of these musicals to provide official scripts, musical materials and dynamic theatrical resources to over 100,000 professional, community and school theatres in the US and in over 150 countries worldwide.
3943	MTI works directly with the composers, lyricists and bookwriters of these musicals to provide official scripts, musical materials and dynamic theatrical resources to over 70,000 professional, community and school theatres in the US and in over 60 countries worldwide.
3944	MTI works directly with the composers, lyricists, and book writers of these musicals to provide official scripts, musical materials and dynamic theatrical resources to over 70,000 professional, community and school theatres in the US and in over 60 countries worldwide.
3945	MTI works directly with the composers, lyricists, and book writers of these musicals to provide official scripts, musical materials, and dynamic theatrical resources to over 70,000 professional, community and school theatres in the US and in over 60 countries worldwide.
3946	MTI works directly with these highly accomplished theatrical composers, lyricists and bookwriters to provide official scripts and musical materials to over 70,000 theatrical organizations in the US and in over 60 countries worldwide.
3947	MZ: “Self-educate on something hands-on that you've never thought about learning before — like Chinese calligraphy or touch football or a ceramics class.
3948	Ma Baoli writes Chinese calligraphy at home in Dalian, northeast China's Liaoning Province, Feb.
3949	Macfarlane's memoir tells the story of his mother's family, the Goodyears of Newfoundland, woven together with major events of the 20th century in Newfoundland--the tuberculosis epidemic, the great seal-hunt disaster, the Confederation debate, and the First World War.
3950	Machines like the one at Milkweed, according to Evans, were in use in the 20th century for such applications as the custom name tags in cursive script on bowling shirts.
3951	Madam Ng also testified that about two years before the incident, she noticed a small sealed box in Parti's room.
3952	Madara followed the Sage of Six Path's inscriptions on the Uchiha stone tablet to create an ideal world.
3953	Made from springy ribbed-knit, it has an open front held together by a gold-tone logo plaque in cursive script.
3954	Made of clay and priceless, the Gilgamesh Tablet features inscriptions in Sumerian, a civilisation of ancient Mesopotamia.
3955	Made of clay, the Gilgamesh Tablet includes inscriptions in Sumerian, a civilization of ancient Mesopotamia.
3956	Made with ultra soft synthetic bristles in the shape of a flattened dome, the unique brush tip was designed to deliver intense color pay-off with minimal fallout—that means more color exactly where you want it, and none where you don’t.
3957	Madu made history when he became the first African born provincial Minister in Canadian history, and is also the Provincial Secretary and Keeper of the Great Seal of the Province of Alberta.
3958	Madu made history when he became the first African-born provincial minister in Canadian history, and is also the Provincial Secretary and Keeper of the Great Seal of the Province of Alberta.
3959	Madu makes history as the first African born provincial Minister in Canadian history and is also the Provincial Secretary and Keeper of the Great Seal of the Province of Alberta.
3960	Madu makes history as the first African born provincial Minister in Canadian history, and is also the Provincial Secretary and Keeper of the Great Seal of the Province of Alberta.
3961	Madu makes history as the first African born provincial minister in Canadian, and is also the Provincial Secretary and Keeper of the Great Seal of the Province of Alberta.
3962	Major newspapers, as well as the Associated Press, have stopped using the term as part of their official style guide.
3963	Make 2 or 3 short downward strokes with the finger along the side of the nose.
3964	Make and take workshops: dragon puppet making, paper cutting and origami with Dans Dance Company, and a Chinese calligraphy workshop with Wendy Cho.
3965	Make sure to read the official style guide and FAQ about var .
3966	Make sure you’ve got calamine lotion, rubbing alcohol, tweezers, sun screen, bug spray and general items like Band Aid, antihistamines and pain management tablets.
3967	Make the patio furniture as good as new by dipping a tablet into a bucket of warm water and scrubbing away the marks.
3968	Making rubbings for tablet inscriptions is a craft with a history of over 1,000 years in China, invented as a way to copy documents even before the art of printing.
3969	Making the most of her slender golden legs, Nicola sported an array of brightly coloured tops from her new slogan line.
3970	Malaysian designer Noel Hoe‘s typeface ZEZE uses bold, thick lettering, quirky accents, intriguing counters, and thin, horizontal strokes to evoke an effortless sense of happiness.
3971	Malaysians struggling amid a strict lockdown are flying white flags outside their homes as a plea for help.
3972	Mandala stencilling, Chinese calligraphy and a children’s zone will provide the opportunity to create an artwork to take home.
3973	Mangaka pens come in several sizes, both with flexible brush tips and fineliner style.
3974	Manicare has also left no stone unturned in terms of their Sonic Cleanser’s design, being composed of ultra-soft silicone brush tips, whose ability to perform thousands of sonic vibrations per minute facilitates the cleanser’s touchpoints to deeply cleanse the skin’s pores.
3975	Manual migration boils down to you copying, in the Finder, at the command line, or by running scripts, files from your old Mac to your new one.
3976	Manual of Calligraphy and Painting (Shi zhu zhai shu hua pu) was so fragile in physical form that it had previously never even been opened.
3977	Many Amazon customers highly rate the Bourjois Liner Pinceau Eyeliner’s precise brush tip, longevity and value for money.
3978	Many Great Seal of the United States Official stamps issued from 1993 on are getting harder to find in mint never-hinged condition.
3979	Many are hand-written, some in a cursive script I've come to learn as her mother's.
3980	Many artists believe they must tattoo deeper or harder to make the ink stick better on dark skin (this just scars people) or artists will deny potential clients color tattoos based on the color of their skin (this is just ignorant).
3981	Many claimed that by wetting a dishwasher tablet and rubbing it on the door cleans the grease off.
3982	Many command line tools can be used to automate tasks such as scheduling processes to run at certain times, automating file transfers, and running scripts to process data.
3983	Many have a brush tip at one end and a fine-tip or chisel-tip marker at the other, doubling your mark-making options.
3984	Many large hardware stores like Lowes and Home Depot will accept small sealed lead-acid batteries for recycling, as will most municipal hazardous material disposal facilities.
3985	Many of Kuang’s watercolor pieces are composed of ink on Xuan paper which has been used for centuries in China, Japan, Korea, and Vietnam for writing, artwork, and architecture.
3986	Many of them are terracotta tablets, but a stone carved image as the one found in Puri district is a rarity, specially because it is one whose inscription is clear and has not eroded, Dhir, who is leading the exploration by INTACH, said.
3987	Many of them, in the cursive script of the ancient Egyptians, told the stories of farmers and pharaohs, pyramids, food, religion and recreational activities, left for scholars centuries later to depict and admire.
3988	Many of these are contained on the back of the bill, which shows the Great Seal of the U.S., the pyramid and the eagle.
3989	Many of these paintings, most created by advanced students studying under Beijing-trained artist and SCC professor Robert You, also feature Chinese calligraphy and the artist’s signature imprinted with a block called a “chop.” While some works reflect traditional Chinese art, others blend Western art with Chinese mark-making.
3990	Many of those being sold bear CNY motifs in the traditional colours of red, yellow and gold – depicting lanterns, firecrackers, Chinese calligraphy conveying good wishes, and even oxen to signify the ‘Year of the Ox’.
3991	Many parts of the country are in their eighth week of strict COVID-19 lockdowns and some people have taken to flying white flags outside their homes as a sign that they're in desperate need of food or other essentials.
3992	Many people order their vehicle’s specific paint color from the dealership, and it comes in the form of a brush tip applicator, similar to nail polish.
3993	Many recommended dissolving a dishwasher tablet in warm water and scrubbing the solution inside the oven with a damp cloth.
3994	Marden has long been fascinated by Chinese calligraphy, most evidently until now in his “Cold Mountain” series, 1989–91, which was directly inspired by the ninth-century Zen poet Hanshan.
3995	Marden's early Minimalist works, such as The Dylan Painting (1966), gave way to the influence of Chinese calligraphy and the creation of his first gestural works-Cold Mountain paintings-during the late 1980s and 1990s.
3996	Margot Robbie has shared a first look at the official script for Birds of Prey.
3997	Marine kicked out of Corps for flying white supremacist banner A Marine who was arrested in May for flying a white nationalist banner during a Confederate celebration has been kicked out of the Marine Corps.
3998	Marine life rescue medics attended Botany Bay today (May 6) after a small seal was spotted on the beach with a falling tide inside the chalk reef.
3999	Marinetti, strove to make the movement he helped to launch the official style of Mussolini’s fascist state.
4000	Marin’s patent crosscourt drop that dips at the net is mighty irritating and will be as huge a factor as her quick downward strokes.
4001	Marion also lent his saxophone talent to the Great Seal Band.
4002	Mark Lye did, as the one-time PGA TOUR pro-turned-broadcaster was hired as the official script consultant.
4003	Market Forecast: Here, the report offers complete forecast of the global Four Treasures of the Study market by product, application, and region.
4004	Market Overview: The report begins with this section where product overview and highlights of product and application segments of the global Four Treasures of the Study market are provided.
4005	Marketing Strategy Analysis and Distributors: This section offers analysis of marketing channel development trends, indirect marketing, and direct marketing followed by a broad discussion on distributors and downstream customers in the global Four Treasures of the Study market.
4006	Married to Sir Nicholas Bacon, Elizabeth I’s Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, she was the mother of Francis Bacon, statesman under James I and a leading English philosopher.
4007	Marshall’s astonishing Old Master–style technique and historical examinations are in full force with this example, including the graceful cursive script spelling out their names at the top left of the canvas and the disembodied white- and black-gloved hands that hold up the painting for view.
4008	Mash them by hand using a potato masher with just a few gentle but firm vertical strokes.
4009	Mass Whole cans mimic the Great Seal of the Commonwealth.
4010	Mass begins at 10 a.m. in Section 55, followed by a service to dedicate veterans inscription tablets at 11:30 a.m. in the Veterans Section, located near the cemetery’s southwest corner.
4011	Massage the oil into your hands and use long vertical strokes to move up your arms (including armpits) and use the same upward strokes on your legs.
4012	Master Sha has also received the highest honors in Chinese calligraphy as a National Chinese Calligrapher Master and Honorable Researcher Professor from the State Ethnic Academy of Painting in Beijing, China.
4013	Master Zhi Gang Sha acquired the knowledge and learning of the unique Chinese calligraphy form called Yi Bi Zi (Oneness writing) from the great professor Li Qiu Yun.
4014	Master calligrapher Wang Xizhi.
4015	Master the art of Chinese calligraphy, design a graffiti dog, create a beautiful Chinese mask or try crafting dragon lanterns and drums in this family-friendly space.
4016	Maszlee said this when asked for the possibility of the government to introduce other calligraphy styles such as Chinese calligraphy to school children in the country.
4017	Matthew adds: ‘Sir Nathan was Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England, which he holds in his left hand.
4018	Maundy Money distributed by Queen Elizabeth II during her last visit to York Minster in 2012, and the Great Seal of Queen Anne used to authenticate important documents.
4019	Maybe Latino Review is the last high-profile site running script reviews, and each and every time, they are huge traffic drivers for them.
4020	Maybe it came from that jogger who whizzed past you on the sidewalk, or that tabletop you touched before rubbing your eyes.
4021	Maybe there should be an aide standing by with an official script so Biden can bellow “Line!
4022	Maybelline Eyestudio HyperEasy Liquid Liner: Just as the name indicates, this award-winning liquid liner ($9) delivers a strong result that couldn't be easier to apply, thanks to a unique hexagonal grip and flexible brush tip.
4023	Maybelline Hyper Easy Liquid Pen No-Skip Eyeliner As the name suggests, this eyeliner from the renowned Maybelline brand is a liquid eyeliner with a flex tip brush tip that is hyper easy.
4024	Maybelline Hyper Precise Liquid Eyeliner 3,425 5-star reviews Apply a precise wing that won’t smudge or fade with this ultra-precise linger by Maybelline that has a 0.4mm brush tip for even lines.
4025	Mayor Qin Baoqiang made specific arrangements, and city leaders Li Sijie, Wang Kejun, Zhou Xinhe, Qiao Yanqiang, Xu Huichuan, Wang Jizhou and others participated.
4026	McDonald's and APUJIAN previously collaborated in 2019 with a set of meals influenced by Chinese calligraphy.
4027	McKoy, with a great seal block on the edge from left tackle Colin McKivitz, ran into the end zone untouched for a 31-21 lead at 6:24 in the third quarter.
4028	Meantime, though, he's reached another milestone: The animated sitcom that he stars in has just become the longest running scripted show in television history.
4029	Meanwhile Microsoft will be rubbing its hands together with glee every time one of its Surface tablets is picked off a shelf, as the Redmond-based firm pockets a tidy $228 (around £142/ AU$220) for each slate sold.
4030	Meanwhile, "Latinx" continues to be popular in higher academia, with some universities adopting it in their official style guides and policies.
4031	Meanwhile, Cui Fei, in her ongoing series “Manuscript of Nature” and “Tracing the Origin,” arranges objects found in nature, such as dried vine tendrils and twigs, in a manner that conjures the wild-cursive style of Chinese calligraphy.
4032	Meanwhile, Mr Abe's efforts have been hindered in some cases by the reliance on fax machines and antiquated name seals to process official documents.
4033	Meanwhile, Tajik officials maintain that the exchange occurred after a stone tablet with the inscription "Ak Say" was erected on the territory of Vorukh.
4034	Meanwhile, celebrities including rapper Altimet said on Instagram that he and his friends would leave groceries at the doors of homes flying white flags.
4035	Meanwhile, former Radio Televisyen Malaysia deejay Chong Keat Aun took to Facebook to display his creativity by producing a Chinese calligraphy of a sow and her piglets.
4036	Meanwhile, his Chinese calligraphy uses words from Chinese poetry such as “God blesses those who work hard”, while an example of his Japanese calligraphy quotes the lyrics of a Japanese traditional song that says, “You deserve what you do”.
4037	Meanwhile, in June, luxury house Fendi inked a two-year partnership with another Italian football club, AS Roma, to design travel and casual attire for its players, while fellow Italian football team AC Milan reportedly tapped Off-White to become the club’s official style partner, according to reports in Italy last week.
4038	Meanwhile, photos of the official permission for the wedding – transcribed in calligraphy and issued under the Great Seal of the Realm – were released yesterday.
4039	Meanwhile, she studied Chinese calligraphy through which she explores new forms of capturing water and transparency.
4040	Meanwhile, “Latinx” continues to be popular in higher academia, with some universities adopting it in their official style guides and policies.
4041	Measuring 96.5cm by 24.5cm, the scroll of Wen’s preface was written in a cursive script in a steady and fluent manner.
4042	Meghan trained as a calligrapher and wrote wedding invitations to help support herself through the early days of her acting career, a skill highlighted in her cards to her father, which are written in elegant cursive script.
4043	Mehretu’s process involves compiling a vast and diverse archive of sources, including diagrams and maps, cave markings, Chinese calligraphy, architectural renderings, graffiti, photojournalism and texts.
4044	Melania holds up a Chinese calligraphy of the character for 'Fortune' written by a student during their visit to the Banchang Primary School in Beijing, on Thursday.
4045	Melanie reckons that Stanley could have been mistaken for a small seal because of the fleece jacket and snood he was wearing, however judging from the comments section of the post, Aayla loves nothing more than coming nose-to-nose with her furry friends.
4046	Melbourne’s Chinese New Year festival will see an array of colourful and cultural events take place as a part of the Cultural Kaleidoscope program: Chinese chess competitions, gods of fortune photo ops, Chinese drum practice, Chinese calligraphy workshops, a 300-person flash mob plus a healthy dose of noodles on the side.
4047	Mellaart was part of a team of scholars who, starting in 1956, worked to decipher and publish Perrot's copy of the inscription, along with the now-missing bronze tablets and several other Luwian inscriptions, his notes say.
4048	Melt, crack and run-resistant, wave goodbye to panda eyes and say hello to the finest of feline flicks thanks to this wand’s magical combination of flexible brush tip, high pigment and budgeproof finish.
4049	Member, Terressa Reep, is writing a monthly article for Great Seal Living Magazine explaining the connections of Ross County to the Revolutionary War.
4050	Members from the chamber ensemble Melody of China performed traditional Chinese folk music, while artists with the San Francisco Arts Commission wrote Chinese calligraphy on spring couplets for guests.
4051	Members of the Chinese medical team in Namibia also performed some methods of Traditional Chinese Medicine at the event, where an exhibition of Chinese calligraphy and paintings was also held and Chinese cuisines were made available for free.
4052	Members of the Ohio National Guard plant one of the trees at the dedication of Ohio’s COVID-19 Pandemic Memorial Grove at Great Seal State Park near Chillicothe, Ohio., April 30, 2021.
4053	Memorialized on this country’s great seal as the embodiment of the American spirit, the species was almost destroyed by the nation’s lust for land and wealth, then saved by a group of visionaries who ensured its survival.
4054	Menopause The Musical®, now in its fourteenth year of production, is recognized as the longest- running scripted production in Las Vegas.
4055	Mercado has several tattoos including Chinese writing on his neck, a teardrop tattoo on his face, four dots on his hand, and the name “Karrie” on his right inner arm.
4056	Mercer students like Tiffani Alexander have spent countless hours documenting page by page what one cursive script reveals.
4057	Mesopotamia, the setting for the game, is often left in the shadows of the likes of the Ancient Egyptian, Greeks, Romans or Aztecs, yet was the civilization which gave us cereal, agriculture, astronomy, mathematics, and cursive scripts, not to mention literally inventing the wheel.
4058	Mesopotamia, which saw the creation of the wheel, the first planted crops and the development of cursive script, mathematics, astronomy and agriculture, is often considered the cradle of western civilisation.
4059	Messages sent from the Vindolanda fort were in Latin cursive script and at least twenty-five different writers have been identified.
4060	Metro.co.uk’s review: ‘This was super easy to use with a liquid eyeliner style thin brush tip which you swipe across your lashline just before bed.
4061	Mi Youren’s washy, tranquil, and fragmentary “Cloudy Mountains” (12th c), and Shen Zhou’s stippled Impressionist brushstrokes in the handscroll “Autumn Colors Among Streams and Mountains” (15th century) — you will also be prepared for the joyous “synthesis” of these artists in the landscapes of Wang.
4062	Michael Patterson, a New York City–based makeup artist who works with M.A.C., posted pictures and a video on Instagram this week of a liquid eyeliner that doesn't have a typical felt or brush tip.
4063	Michigan's Great Seal was designed by Michigan's second territorial governor, Lewis Cass (Cass County and Cassopolis bear his name) who got the idea from a business called the Hudson Bay Fur Company.
4064	Middle-class people tend to use a more refined cursive script.
4065	Midfielders: Li Mengwen, Wang Xiaoxue, Li Jiayue, Wang Shuang, Yao Wei, Wu Chengshu, Yao Lingwei, Tang Jiali, Xiao Yuyi, Li Ying, Gao Chen.
4066	Mike DeWine and the Ohio Department of Natural Resources dedicated a new memorial tree grove in honor of the victims and survivors of COVID-19.The COVID-19 Pandemic Memorial Grove is located at Great Seal State Park in Ross County, Ohio.
4067	Mike DeWine announced that 15 trees will be planted at Great Seal State Park in Chillicothe today, which is Arbor Day.
4068	Mike Shirkey, R-Clarklake, wants those agreements to be compiled in one place — in the state Office of the Great Seal — and, more importantly, to be subject to approval or disapproval by subsequent governors.
4069	Mike Wu: Chinese calligraphy has always been a part of my life.
4070	Minimalist “KS” stamp or maybe “Kirkland” on the hosel like Taylormade does, and just the “Signature” cursive script would be kind of slick.
4071	Minister ‘Jo Teo’ herself recently joined the latest social media craze TikTok in early Dec 2022, and her first video featured her in smooth transitions, from taking a walk in several places and trying her hands on Chinese calligraphy.
4072	Minor characters are drawn like Chinese calligraphy, just a few brushstrokes outlining them with bold precision, and once things really get going, nothing is allowed to sap the pace of the action.
4073	Miss Abbott spoke off small cue cards rather than from a formal script.
4074	Miss Pop notes that you don’t need to stress about your horizontal strokes of brights, since you’ll be able to fix them with your nude shades on the other side.
4075	Missives are occasionally fired off to journalists under a depiction of the Great Seal of the United States, featuring a bald eagle.
4076	Missouri's great seal, updated per Pornhub data.
4077	Mnangagwa is also sticking to the official script that Mugabe is the only option for now, denouncing any "mad young people" in the ZANU-PF party who want him to oust Mugabe.
4078	Mnangagwa is also sticking to the official script that Mugabe is the only option for now, denouncing any "mad young people" in the Zanu-PF party who want him to oust Mugabe.
4079	Mnangagwa is also sticking to the official script that Mugabe is the only option for now, denouncing any “mad young people” in the ZANU-PF party who want him to oust Mugabe.
4080	Mnangagwa is also sticking to the official script that Mugabe is the only option for now, denouncing any “mad young people” in the Zanu PF party who want him to oust Mugabe.
4081	Mobile and delicate, flying white is like meteors passing through the sky, or hair fluttering in the wind.
4082	Modi is a cursive script of Marathi, used for official work such as maintaining revenue records or for correspondence with functionaries of the empire spread across India during the Maratha rule.
4083	Modi is a cursive script whose special feature is that grammar is secondary.
4084	Modified MinION running scripts.
4085	Modifying process.env like this only affects the running script, not your machine.
4086	Moin went through with his sweep and ended up on his stomach, peering casually at the flying white ball.
4087	Mole and Thomas orchestrated as many as 30,000 U.S. soldiers, enlisted men, and nurses to physically form the shapes of the Statue of Liberty, the Liberty Bell and the Great Seal among others.
4088	Monasteries, prayer flags and Mani walls - which are made of thousands of stone tablets intricately carved with drawings of deities and inscriptions of the prayer Om Mani Padme Om - are reminders that this land is steeped in Buddhism.
4089	Mondulkiri: A stone tablet with ancient inscriptions,claimed by the Pnong people to have a magical powers, is being kept in Memang commune compound, Keo Seima district, Mondulkiri province.
4090	Montblanc also developed a curved nib for this model, with a tip that features a 45° angle, making it possible to create lines of different thicknesses at various angles: from thin vertical lines to broad horizontal strokes.
4091	Montblanc also developed a curved nib for this model, with a tip that features a 45° angle, making it possible to create lines of different thicknesses at various angles: from thin vertical lines to broad horizontal strokes.
4092	Montgomery, Alabama has a deep history of racial conflict, as reflected in the clashing concepts emblazoned on the city’s great seal: “Cradle of the Confederacy” and “Birthplace of the Civil Rights Movement.” Jefferson Davis was inaugurated here as Confederate president after the South seceded from the Union in 1861, and his birthday is a state holiday.
4093	Montreal public health says the tablets have a "A/215" inscription on them, and believe they may be sold on the black market under the percocet label.
4094	Moraga Art Gallery currently hosts a show of “cabochon” jewelry by Kuniko Kay Nitta and contemporary Chinese calligraphy by Bing-Jib Huang.
4095	Moraga Art Gallery hosts a show of “cabochon” jewelry by Kuniko Kay Nitta and contemporary Chinese calligraphy by Bing-Jib Huang.
4096	Moraga Art Gallery”s new show features “cabochon” jewelry by Kuniko Kay Nitta, and contemporary Chinese calligraphy by Bing-Jib Huang.
4097	More information about which district used the program is unknown because the name sealed under state law.
4098	More recently, the brand launched the ‘Only for Bieber’ limited edition collection for Justin Bieber’s first Purpose Tour to India, where the brand was the official style partner.
4099	More than 100 pieces of works by Pakistani and Chinese artists, including Chinese painting, Chinese calligraphy, sculpture and other forms of art, are on display at the exhibition.
4100	More than 100 pieces of works by Pakistani and Chinese artists, including Chinese painting, Chinese calligraphy, sculpture and other forms of art, are on display.
4101	More than revisiting the basics, Lee is passing on the tradition of Chinese calligraphy for a good cause.
4102	Moreover, an official script or a formal deal is yet to be signed.
4103	Moreover, it has great sealing, anti-abrasion, and anti-corrosion properties.
4104	Moreover, on the right, it’s partially designed with the Great Seal logo representing the US national symbol.
4105	Moreover, the Four Treasures of the Study market report delivers the complete information about the key developed regions as well as major emerging markets based on the regional growth of the target market.
4106	Moreover, this report offers broad information about the technological expenditure over the forecast period which offers a unique perspective on the global Four Treasures of the Study market across several segments covered in the report.
4107	Morgan opted for an adorable tribute to her baby boy—his name, River, in cursive script, located on the inside of her left wrist.
4108	Morris, who came from a farming family in Tatuanui, in New Zealand’s north, wrote in neat cursive script, but the diary captures the precarious nature of life at Gallipoli.
4109	Most Pakistani commentators—some of whom are paid by Beijing—stick to the official script.
4110	Most birds get all the lift they need to fly with the downward stroke of their wings—meaning there’s no upward force being produced as they raise them back up.
4111	Most come in easy-to-use tablet forms that will magically make your sink sparkling clean again by producing a scrubbing action on their own—no extra scrubbing or elbow grease required.
4112	Most important, though, are wooden tablets, with some of the earliest Roman inscriptions in Britain.
4113	Most of his writing was literally in his own hand — his site featured images of letters, usually in French in a cramped cursive script, along with handwritten marginalia to news clippings that caught his interest.
4114	Most of our conversation was off the record, but he mostly stuck to the official script, updated with the most recent anti-Iranian talking points.
4115	Most of the tapes were stamped with the names of Marshall Sehorn or Allen Toussaint, and several were dated and notated in Toussaint’s elegant cursive script.
4116	Most people understand the importance of keeping their dentures clean, and denture tablets are fantastic for scrubbing away grime, food, and stains from false teeth.
4117	Most read in Celebrity OH BABY ‘Big Baby’ becomes star after mum vows to make him famous… but not everyone’s a fan GOING VIRAL The funniest tweets shared by worn-out mums and bored women during lockdown OVEN A GO Cleaning fans use dishwasher tablet to get oven trays sparkling with no scrubbing RING TRUE?
4118	Most read in Celebrity OVEN A GO Cleaning fans use dishwasher tablet to get oven trays sparkling with no scrubbing LOFTY AMBITION Bloke turns dingy attic into a MASSIVE walk-in wardrobe for his wife MYSTIC MEG July 1: Single?
4119	Most read in Celebrity OVEN A GO Cleaning fans use dishwasher tablet to get oven trays sparkling with no scrubbing RING TRUE?
4120	Most read in Fabulous LOFTY AMBITION Bloke turns dingy attic into a MASSIVE walk-in wardrobe for his wife OVEN A GO Cleaning fans use dishwasher tablet to get oven trays sparkling with no scrubbing MYSTIC MEG July 1: Single?
4121	Most read in Fabulous OH BABY ‘Big Baby’ becomes star after mum vows to make him famous… but not everyone’s a fan GOING VIRAL The funniest tweets shared by worn-out mums and bored women during lockdown OVEN A GO Cleaning fans use dishwasher tablet to get oven trays sparkling with no scrubbing RING TRUE?
4122	Most read in Fabulous OVEN A GO Cleaning fans use dishwasher tablet to get oven trays sparkling with no scrubbing LOFTY AMBITION Bloke turns dingy attic into a MASSIVE walk-in wardrobe for his wife MYSTIC MEG July 1: Single?
4123	Most read in Fabulous OVEN A GO Cleaning fans use dishwasher tablet to get oven trays sparkling with no scrubbing LOFTY AMBITION Bloke turns dingy attic into a MASSIVE walk-in wardrobe for his wife PORN ULTIMATUM Mia Khalifa's porn which 'haunts' her may be removed as petition hits 1.5m MYSTIC MEG July 1: Single?
4124	Most read in Fabulous OVEN A GO Cleaning fans use dishwasher tablet to get oven trays sparkling with no scrubbing MYSTIC MEG July 1: Single?
4125	Most read in Fabulous OVEN A GO Cleaning fans use dishwasher tablet to get oven trays sparkling with no scrubbing RING TRUE?
4126	Motivated by the multiscale structure of Xuan paper, the team created a high-performance, high-haze transparent film by putting together cellulose microfibers and cellulose nanofibers into a multiscale structure.
4127	Motul C5 Chain Paste – this is a road-based chain paste in a tube with a brush tip applicator for ease of application and a means to minimise waste while lubricating the chain.
4128	Mount Ebal, known for its association with curses, housed the tablet which could feature the earliest inscription of the Hebrew word for God, YHWH.
4129	Moving down the San Juan river on boats flying white flags hoping that the negotiated agreement to allow the caravan to proceed unimpeded through territories being contested by the ELN, the Clan del Golfo and the state, the story that we encountered was the same.
4130	Moving onto our cheeks, we applied light pressure and used vertical strokes first, before switching to horizontal.
4131	Moving your gaze upward past wraparound staircases to the second floor, you can't miss the interpretation of the rays of sunshine from the Great Seal of Ohio gracing the ceiling of the rotunda.
4132	Moxie kicks off as a shout-out to riot grrrl spirit, only to give us an ending written in the cursive script of an inspirational mug.
4133	Moynihan was very clear in his belief that “the development of an official style must be avoided.” He no doubt recognized that democracy is a messy enterprise, and if we short-circuit the public conversation about the most symbolic expression of the nation’s founding principles — our federal buildings — we will have faltered in our quest to form a more perfect union.
4134	Moynihan’s guiding principles advise that designs “embody the finest contemporary American architectural thought.” This statement might not have compelled a single official style, but it certainly dethroned classicism, which wasn’t new, hot, and shiny.
4135	Mr Johnson, younger brother of Boris, stuck assiduously to his official script – even saying ‘stake- holders’, dear oh dear.
4136	Mr Stone will be considering the symbols of Royal Authority, including the Crown and Sceptre, Coronation Regalia, the 'Great Seal', and the architecture of Westminster Palace.
4137	Mr Sung, whose parents are both Hakka, is not only fluent in speaking the Chinese dialect, but also picked up writing Chinese calligraphy, which he finds beautiful for its "movement and dynamism".
4138	Mr Tong said the piece of work was a draft by Yan Zhenqing, and so carried markings and scribbles written by the author, making it even more prized.
4139	Mr Woon likens this to a typical work of Chinese calligraphy, starting with a heavy brushstroke and then tailing off lightly at the end.
4140	Mr. Barzun, now a publisher in Louisville, Ky., and a university trustee, begins his case by describing an obscure episode from America’s founding—when, in 1776, a committee was formed to create the country’s logo, officially the Great Seal of the United States.
4141	Mr. Blake read the citation, which bears the great seal of the association, while members of the branch saluted Mr. Trimmer.
4142	Mr. Esguerra will provide limited but free Xuan papers, which he sourced from Taiwan.
4143	Mr. Trump stood behind the great seal of the United States presidency and openly fanned the flames of division by drawing moral equivalence between those who promoted racist and bigoted views and those who stood ground to counter it.
4144	Mrs Marshall was apparently a wealthy woman as suggested by Governor North commenting on Marshall as “married comfortably”.Mr and Mrs Marshall are said to have been very popular socially and JP Lewis the colonial recorder and historian believed that she was the guardian of the tree referred to on the inscription on the stone tablet seen to this day next to the Wellawatte Bridge on Galle Road.
4145	Ms Pepper's niece Charlotte, with newly acquired handwriting skills, has taken to writing back to her with "her beautiful infant cursive script".
4146	Ms. Yamazaki is the museum’s board chair, and Mr. Yang and she both collect: her main focus is Song dynasty ceramics, while he has assembled a selection of Chinese calligraphy that was shown at the museum starting in 2012 and traveled to the Met in 2014.
4147	Mugs and cups: Drop a denture tablet into your tea-and coffee-stained mugs for a few minutes and your cups will soon be back to sparkling and ready for the next cuppa – no scrubbing required.
4148	Multi-lobe seals also deliver greater sealing efficiency than standard o-rings while requiring less force to connect.
4149	Multilobe seals also deliver greater sealing efficiency than standard o-rings while requiring less force to connect.
4150	Multilobe seals provide greater sealing efficiency than standard o-rings while requiring less force to connect.
4151	Multiple pavilions tattooed with poems or names written in Chinese calligraphy surround the lake at the Chinese Garden.
4152	Murayama, 97, who issued a landmark apology for World War II in 1995, wrote "Go China," "Go Shanghai" and "Go Wuhan," referring to the then epicenter of the pandemic in central Hubei Province, in Chinese calligraphy in 2020 at his home in Oita-shi, Japan.
4153	Music at the bandstand on Tuesday will remain the same, for tradition, where community members can see the Great Seal of Ohio band and the Kingston Kickers perform.
4154	My Acne Eraser pen required about 18 clicks before the product emerged from the tip, and the Heal & Conceal brush tip pen needed just a few twists before it was fully primed.
4155	My Lords, I declare My Consent to a Contract of Matrimony between My Most Dearly Beloved Grandson Prince Henry Charles Albert David of Wales and Rachel Meghan Markle, which Consent I am causing to be signified under the Great Seal and to be entered in the Books of the Privy Council.
4156	My Lords, it not being convenient for Her Majesty personally to be present here this day, she has been pleased to cause a Commission under the Great Seal to be prepared for proroguing this present Parliament.
4157	My Son” in cursive script.
4158	My dad, who studied Chinese calligraphy, looked at the characters on the menu cover, then said, “These words are meaningless.” My mom, such a renowned cook that during the Mao era famine she was entrusted to cook food rations by family and friends, smiled patiently.
4159	My diary is page after page of cursive script, some in real old school ink pen.
4160	My family was a scholarly one, and I started Chinese calligraphy at the age of six under the guidance of my father and uncle.
4161	My father plays the erhu and cello, and he is a Chinese orchestra instructor who also teaches Chinese brush painting, while my mother teaches Chinese calligraphy.
4162	My favorite trick to easily including onion in my family's meals involves chopping about five pounds of onions with a food processor, and then freezing them into small sealed plastic bags.
4163	My first book White Ghost Girls was especially good looking, because it had flaps and high-quality, rough-edged paper.
4164	My first foray with watercolor markers was with Kuretake Clean Color Real Brush, a line of watercolor markers that come with a brush tip with actual nylon bristles: the fact that bristles splay out when you press your marker onto paper creates an effect that is quite similar to the one produced by real brushes, giving any sketch an immediate painterly effect.
4165	My first volume was a narrow thing wrapped in a watercolor style cover, which held faint light blue lines inside -- perfect for my then-willowy 10- and 11-year-old's mechanical penciled cursive script.
4166	My grandfather had taken it upon himself to transcribe his late father’s autobiography (written in nearly-illegible Chinese calligraphy) into Simplified Chinese, and he worked industriously on his iPad for most of the summer.
4167	My mother practiced Chinese calligraphy and painted for many years.
4168	My own advice is to work in vertical strokes from the inner brow (closest to your nose) until you hit your natural arch, then switch to horizontal strokes as you navigate the downward slope.
4169	My question is whether or not you have a seen a representation of the great seal of the United States with the eagle facing away from the olive branches?
4170	My question is whether or not you have seen a representation of the great seal of the United States with the eagle facing away from the olive branches?
4171	My reclusive mum, who could be holed up in her room the whole day to read, rest or practise her Chinese calligraphy if left alone, makes the effort to sit and chat with my kids when they get back from school.
4172	My set has one broad, chisel tip for larger sections and one brush tip but sets with one fine and one brush end are also available.
4173	My solution: I polish only the tips, using horizontal strokes, and I use all the coats (base, color twice and top coat).
4174	Myntra is the official style partner for the Bollywood awards ceremony.
4175	Myntra, the official style partner for the awards ceremony will launch the collection with a fashion walk with IIFA Rocks, a musical night.
4176	Myrtle Pinner's handwriting shows the elegant cursive script practised by young writers using nibs dipped in inkwells long before the Biro and the keyboard arrived to reduce the average person's penmanship to a scribble.
4177	NANNING/KUNMING, May 30 (Xinhua) -- Jiang Peilan teaches visitors how to make traditional Chinese calligraphy brushes at a popular tourist attraction in south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region.
4178	NBC boss Robert Greenblatt said the show will continue as long as Hargitay wants to do it, and Hargitay told us she takes it year by year—season 21 would make it the longest running scripted primetime drama—but that hasn't stopped her from thinking about a key moment for her and the character: the end.
4179	NCIS is currently in its 17th season and is the second-longest running scripted, non-animated, primetime show in the U.S.
4180	NCIS premiered in 2003 as a spin-off from American courtroom drama JAG and is now one of the longest running scripted dramas on TV.
4181	NOAA scientists do not name seals, but assign them an alphanumeric — a combination of letters and numbers — that is placed on hind flipper tags to identify and track them.
4182	NOTE: For Windows user who running scripts in CMD, since batch script file does not work well with NPM package script, Windows user could just call script directly to replace npm run-script browserize .
4183	NOVEL won the Television Drama category at the 2018 Creative World Awards and is an official script selection of the 2019 Richmond International Film Festival.
4184	NOW THEREFORE I, GAVIN NEWSOM, Governor of the State of California, do hereby proclaim December 7, 2022 , as “Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day.”IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 7th day of December 2022.
4185	NOW THEREFORE I, GAVIN NEWSOM, Governor of the State of California, do hereby proclaim November 11, 2022, as “Veterans Day.”IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 2nd day of November 2022.
4186	NOW THEREFORE I, GAVIN NEWSOM, Governor of the State of California, do hereby proclaim October 12, 2020, as “Indigenous Peoples’ Day.” IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 12th day of October 2020.
4187	NOW THEREFORE I, GAVIN NEWSOM, Governor of the State of California, do hereby proclaim October 25, 2022, as “Larry Itliong Day.”IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed this 25th day of October 2022.
4188	Nai-Ni Chen’s movement language draws from the flowing lines of Chinese calligraphy to the explosiveness of martial arts to the innovation of contemporary dance.
4189	Named after Mott Street in New York’s Chinatown and designed by celebrity favourite Joyce Wang, it’s an Instagram favourite – think iron chain installations, a giant abacus hanging above the main tables and a wall of Chinese calligraphy pens.
4190	Named by modern scholars after the mythical poet Orpheus, whose descent and return from the Underworld made him one of the few who could impart knowledge of the afterlife, the Orphic tablets are Greek inscriptions written on thin sheets of gold.
4191	Nancheng County of Fuzhou is named the "Home of Magu Culture in China." The great calligrapher Yan Zhenqing wrote for and monumentalized Magu in Linchuan, and created the "The Story of the Immortal Altar of Magu Mountain," which was praised as the "first regular script in the world".
4192	Nancheng County of Fuzhou is named the “Home of Magu Culture in China.” The great calligrapher Yan Zhenqing wrote for and monumentalized Magu in Linchuan, and created the “The Story of the Immortal Altar of Magu Mountain,” which was praised as the “first regular script in the world”.
4193	Nanjing city authorities said Wu had paid for the inscription and maintenance of six tablets at the temple since 2018.
4194	Natan Kaner, 6th grader at Shachaf school, said that he likes the most to learn about the culture of China, such as the Chinese calligraphy and the food tradition.
4195	Naval architect Joseph Chieng, meanwhile, hoped through the event, more people would take up Chinese calligraphy.
4196	Navneeth Murali, an eighth grader from Edison, New Jersey, won the SpellPundit contest by correctly spelling "Karoshthi", an ancient cursive script used in Central Asia, the New York Daily News reported.
4197	Navneeth Murali, an eighth grader from Edison, New Jersey, won the SpellPundit contest by correctly spelling “Karoshthi”, an ancient cursive script used in Central Asia, the New York Daily News reported.
4198	Navneeth made the moves to make sure he understood everything about the winning word, Karoshthi, an old and cursive script of Aramaic origin used in India and other parts of Central Asia, before it started to spell.
4199	Navneeth went through the motions of making sure he understood everything about the winning word, Karoshthi - an ancient, cursive script of Aramaic origin used in India and elsewhere in central Asia - before he started to spell.
4200	Navneeth went through the motions of making sure he understood everything about the winning word, Karoshthi -- an ancient, cursive script of Aramaic origin used in India and elsewhere in central Asia -- before he started to spell.
4201	Navneeth went through the motions of making sure he understood everything about the winning word, Karoshthi – an ancient, cursive script of Aramaic origin used in India and elsewhere in central Asia – before he started to spell.
4202	Navneeth went through the motions of making sure he understood everything about the winning word, Karoshthi — an ancient, cursive script of Aramaic origin used in India and elsewhere in central Asia — before he started to spell.
4203	Navneeth went through the motions of making sure he understood everything about the winning word, Karoshthi —an ancient, cursive script of Aramaic origin used in India and elsewhere in central Asia—before he started to spell.
4204	Nearby Old Gorhambury House was constructed between 1563-68 by Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, Sir Nicholas Bacon, and was subsequently passed on to his son, Francis Bacon, who served as Lord Chancellor to King James I.
4205	Nearby they could get a souvenir card with their name hand-written in Chinese calligraphy and add wishes to a wishing wall.
4206	Nearly 15 million people in 16 countries (more than 500 cities worldwide) have attended a performance of Menopause the Musical, and the musical is the longest running scripted musical in Las Vegas history, so what are you waiting for?
4207	Nearly a decade ago, he engaged in sleight of hand to shuffle in the Confederate version of the great seal of the commonwealth of Virginia.
4208	Nearly since the dawn of the republic, America’s Bald Eagle has been featured on many official logos of the U.S. government, including 1792’s Great Seal of the United States.
4209	Nehwal began the second game with much more authority and decided to take the attack to her opponent by playing more downward strokes and being aggressive at the net.
4210	Neighbours' executive producer Jason Herbison has shared some shots from the official script for the long-running show's final ever scene.
4211	Neither sale comes close, however, to Tan Swie Hian's ink-on-rice-paper work Portrait Of Bada Shanren - which sold for 20.7 million yuan (S$4 million) at the 2014 Poly Auction in Beijing, breaking Tan's earlier record for the most expensive work sold at an auction by a living South-east Asian artist.
4212	Neither sale comes close, however, to Tan Swie Hian's ink-on-rice-paper work Portrait Of Bada Shanren - which sold for 20.7 million yuan (S$4.4 million) at the 2014 Poly Auction in Beijing, breaking Tan's earlier record for the most expensive work sold at an auction by a living Singapore or South-east Asian artist.
4213	Neither symbol was used immediately following the revolution, but black-and-yellow were reintroduced in 1854 — before the start of the Civil War — because of a law calling for a new great seal based on the Calvert design.
4214	Netflix’s longest running scripted original series Big Mouth may be ending, but even fans of the cartoon seem to think, for once, the streaming giant got this call right.
4215	Nevertheless, the cursive script in sepia-toned ink remains legible — and poignant.
4216	Nevertheless, the formal scripted theatre existed in Uganda as early as 1946, with Lacito Okech writing a play, Conversion of a heathen house into a Christian home.
4217	New Jersey, United States,- The Four Treasures of the Study Market research report produced by Market Research Intellect focuses on some key aspects of the market such as profitability, market share, key regions, production, and key players.
4218	New Jersey, United States: Market Research Intellect has added a new report to its huge database of research reports, entitled “Four Treasures of the Study Market Size and Forecast to 2027“.
4219	New York Public Library: Check out the library for crafting classes at no cost, from jewelry-making to Chinese calligraphy, quilting, knitting and crocheting, sewing and more.
4220	New opening-up measures will allow majority foreign ownership or wholly owned foreign enterprises in sub-sectors, such as the exploration and development of oil and natural gas, production and supply of heat and gas, value-added telecommunications, shipping business, manufacturing of Xuan paper and ink ingot, exploitation of wildlife resources, and operation of cinemas, as the table shown blow.
4221	New readings of some of these tablets, findings from excavations at Tayma, and the recent discovery of additional inscriptions dating to Nabonidus’ reign are all giving scholars a chance to tease out the ambiguities that lay at the heart of the reign of Babylon’s last king.
4222	New solo artist Frederick Jones El released his Sophomore Effort to all streaming platforms in September of 2020, titled: “Jewel of The West Nile” on the label “Moorish Science Temple of America/Great Seal Music Group”.
4223	New works examining the global reach of Asian culture today share space with ancient masterpieces like the hanging scrolls by Chinese artist Wen Zhengming (“The First Prose Poem on the Red Cliff” from 1588), which combines stunning examples of calligraphy and painting working together as complementary art forms.
4224	Newlands," remove a stone tablet with his name and a related inscription, and remove the name "Newlands Memorial Fountain" from the fountain stones.
4225	Next time you get your hands on a $1 bill, look at the Great Seal of the United States on the back.
4226	Next we see Benjamin Franklin, Thomas Jefferson and John Adams discussing the need for a great seal for this young America, which we find on our dollar bill.
4227	Next you should swirl each brush tip in the bowl.
4228	Next, Fuller got a great seal block by Akeem Dent to wall off the crease that he ran through to get past the wave of Titan coverage guys.
4229	Next, earning points for extreme subtlety, Sax stands next to a decorative tile depicting the formula for terminal velocity in cursive script, reminiscent of classical Arabic text.
4230	Next, have your partner rub your neck and shoulders using firm pressure and long, downward strokes.
4231	Next, he snapped the brush tip into the pen's barrel and twisted it until he could see the paint drip out from the brush.
4232	Next, place a vertical line where your brows should start, then fill them in lightly with horizontal strokes.
4233	Next, take the pistachios and add them to a small sealed bag.
4234	Ng had argued in court that the Chinese calligraphy is unlike Khat as the former was not being used wholly for religious purposes.
4235	Nicole Li arrived in Tamworth from China in 2014, and since has immersed herself in the festival, with her Chinese calligraphy stall just one of many multicultural displays on offer.
4236	Nik Faizah Nik Othman, deputy chief of the Tumpat Amanah's women’s wing, is identified as one of the earliest Twitter users to suggest flying white flags as a call for urgent help.
4237	Nikk Mitchell, whose company is in talks about metaverse projects based on Chinese stories that will play up elements such as Chinese calligraphy and traditional costumes, is one such believer, noting progress in domestic VR glasses and content.
4238	Nikk Mitchell, whose company is in talks about metaverse projects based on Chinese stories that will play up elements such as Chinese calligraphy and traditional costumes, is one such believer, noting progress in domestic VR glasses and content.
4239	Nikk Mitchell, whose firm is in talks about metaverse initiatives based mostly on Chinese tales that may play up parts reminiscent of Chinese calligraphy and conventional costumes, is one such believer, noting progress in home VR glasses and content material.
4240	Nina Albert, the GSA public buildings service commissioner, adds, “By supporting neither an official style nor subject matter, Art in Architecture seeks to include artists who work in many styles and materials and come from the diverse communities of our nation.
4241	Ninety members took part in the event and a total of 42 bags of trash were collected between Snyder Road to the north and the entrance to Great Seal Park to the south.
4242	Nishan ink slab, ink slabs made of stones from Nishan Mountain in Qufu, enjoys great popularity by virtue of its simplicity and special design that is based on the original grain of the stone used to make it.
4243	No celebration would be complete without feasting, and visitors can tuck into traditional Cantonese cuisine and street food, such as Gold Coin Chicken and Prawn Toast, while soaking up the carnival atmosphere, with street activities like fortune telling, face threading, Chinese calligraphy and opera.
4244	No longer is America described by the Great Seal’s phrase of E Pluribus Unum (out of many, we have become one), but instead it is now E Unum Pluribus (out of one, we have become many).
4245	No matter what backsplash tile you choose, it’s important to pair it with a great sealant to make a complete and finished look.
4246	No more fitting in a capital letter, a number, an ancient rune, a block of Chinese calligraphy and a family secret into a password?
4247	No official Rolls-Royce announcement can seemingly be made without the brand’s enjoyably verbose official style, what we like to think of as a periphrastic prolixity of pleonasm, and the Phantom II’s release is no exception.
4248	No official style was dictated, but a practice of culture as ideological propaganda was imposed, along with a stereotyped nationalism.” Journals were closed, editors fired, professors lost their jobs and were banished to factories far from Havana.
4249	No other network has a better collection of classic television shows, including Gunsmoke, which held the record as the longest running scripted primetime series for more than 40 years until The Simpsons surpassed it in 2018.
4250	No, they probably will never see anything I’d ever send them, but they sign some of the letters, a few of which are written in cursive script.
4251	Node.JS gives the reliability to developers, use JavaScript to write Command Line tools and for server-side scripting — running scripts server-side to produce dynamic web page content before the page is being sent to the user’s web browser.
4252	Nollywood actress, Nkechi Blessing has unveiled her official style and position for her birthday today, February 14th, 2023.
4253	Nominated by the Ohio Department of Education, Lakota Central students submitted photos of nature inspired by the horizon on the Great Seal of Ohio, said Kessler.
4254	Nominated by the Ohio Department of Education, Lakota Central students submitted photos of nature inspired by the horizon on the Great Seal of Ohio, said photography teacher Jodi Kessler in a release.
4255	Non-western (read: non-white) art was often relegated to a unit lasting a few weeks, maybe, where we would try our hand at Chinese calligraphy on rice paper or examine the bright lapis lazuli used throughout Ancient Egypt.
4256	None of them fit the official style, but a teacher, Pi Daojian, encouraged him to mount a solo show.
4257	None the less as with Monet the effect was to make the vertical strokes of the curtains seem transparent as they skipped the corrugations.
4258	Nor can I explain why I find Da Vinci’s The Last Supper intriguing, or that the Chinese calligraphy during every Chinese New Year season fascinating.
4259	Nor did the attendees behave according to the official script, which would have preferred a resounding acceptance of the new legislation.
4260	Norma Kamali's dreamy Kelly green dress has a slender gold belt – perfect for gathering fabric and breaking up the solid colour.
4261	Normally, my ear shape doesn’t always suit Shure’s Sound Isolating earphones but the AONIC 4 are the first pair that have fitted my ears comfortable and created a great seal.
4262	North Staffordshire Justice Centre heard police seized eight small sealed bags of monkey dust with a street value of £80 from Taylor in Longton on February 7.
4263	Not all of the followers are members of the Order, and it's mostly a place to do what you do on any other community-based Facebook group: set up meetups, post quotes written in cursive script on stock image backgrounds, and argue playfully in the comment sections about the artistry of Egyptian hieroglyphics.
4264	Not by being the most elegant writer, nor the most eloquent, but by demonstrating a command of official style.
4265	Not highly skilled hackers, not bored high school kids running scripts they found on questionable websites or forums, anybody.
4266	Not just slender gold chains but the kinds of bracelets that you’d customarily see on the wrist.
4267	Not on the basis of such fussy old paraphernalia as a great seal, a royal charter or (perish the thought) elected office of any kind, but simply by flashing a photograph at us.
4268	Not only did The Associated Press adopt the truncated “drive-thru” spelling as its official style a decade ago, but consumers can now get just about anything without getting out of their cars — a latte, Thai food, vegan ketogenic meals … even a gun.
4269	Not only did the pictures show off Pete's new tattoo — "Jasmine" and "Aladdin" with an infinity sign in cursive script in honor of their first kiss on Saturday Night Live — but it gave us a clear look at his "KNSCP" ink that pays tribute to Kim and her four children.
4270	Not only does it dry in a flash, but the brush tip is very clever.
4271	Not only does the precision brush tip create subtle hair-like strokes, it promotes healthy hair growth too, meaning bushier brows in the future.
4272	Not only does this create the great seal that you need for optimal sound performance, but it also prevents the earbuds from bouncing out when you’re running on the treadmill.
4273	Not only was Mark Lye the only PGA Tour player to have a line in the movie (Lee Trevino is shown shaking his head a few times), but he also served as the official script consultant on the film and helped make others better players.
4274	Not only will true devotees of the Spiritus Mortis Doom church be raising their fists with full hearts, but those who seek knowledge of the faithful spirit of real Metal can surely look no further than within The Great Seal.
4275	Not only will true devotees of the Spiritus Mortis Doom church be raising their fists with full hearts, but those who seek knowledge of the faithful spirit of real metal can surely look no further than within The Great Seal.
4276	Nothing but the cursive script reading “Angelyne” (and the number of her fan club).
4277	Nothing new in the official script.
4278	Novus Ordo Seclorum on the Great Seal of the United States of America, is apparently an allusion to line 5 of Virgil’s “Eclogue IV,” in an 18c.
4279	Now 35 per cent off, you use the brush tip applicator to apply, leave to set and then peel off to reveal fuller and shapely results.
4280	Now as the official style adviser to Lagerfeld’s brand, Roitfeld will work on its next three seasons, with the opportunity to extend the partnership.
4281	Now grab the Brush tool, choose a soft-edged brush tip and set colour to white, then paint over the skin to reveal the 'High Pass' layer.
4282	Now he recorded his progress in his journal, in right-slanting cursive script.
4283	Now in hand free cursive script style for a casual contemporary look!
4284	Now in the ceremony, Disney is declaring in the official script that Jesus was “simply a man”.
4285	Now it’s one and the office’s main duties include recording the official acts of the Legislature and governor and authenticating them with the state’s Great Seal, as well serving on the Board of Commissioners of Public Lands.
4286	Now only does this super easy and adjustable steamer come handy when you’re on the go, it is perfect for all fabrics and works wonders with both horizontal and vertical strokes.
4287	Now simply grab the brush tool, set the color to white, choose a soft-edged brush tip and paint to reveal the better blur in the areas where you want it.
4288	Now stored at Columbia University, the tablet first garnered attention in the 1940s, when historians recognized that its cuneiform inscriptions contain a series of numbers echoing the Pythagorean theorem, which explains the relationship of the lengths of the sides of a right triangle.
4289	Now swirl the brush tips in the water.
4290	Now that King Charles III has succeeded his late mother, the young royals have seen an adaptation to their official style.
4291	Now that Mozilla is giving the service some small seal of approval, perhaps that might change.
4292	Now that we're on a Chinese calligraphy and philosophy roll and have a number of robot calligraphy posts under our belt (see "Selected readings" below), writing a post about a robotic philosopher-calligrapher is not so outlandish after all.
4293	Now that you are acquainted with the PowerShell ISE interface, let's move forward into writing and running scripts.
4294	Now the Great Seal is coming out of retirement, as the city plans to display it in the lobby of a new municipal office building set to open downtown in 2020.
4295	Now the family sells spices such as cumin, oregano and bay leaves that they buy in bulk and pack in small envelopes that are sealed with a small sealer they invented.
4296	Now the longest running scripted drama in television history, you might assume that William H.
4297	Now work up the body to your neck using long, vertical strokes.
4298	Now you know the meaning and makeup of New Jersey’s Great Seal.
4299	Now, Eastside sells polo shirts, hats, sweatshirts, visors, and head covers that use a striking cursive script that evokes outdoor graffiti more than the interiors of a country club.
4300	Now, a bill recently introduced in the House of Representatives is seeking to enshrine America’s lack of an official style into law, according to Architectural Record.
4301	Now, a new black and white version of the logo swaps out the Mongolian for 10 inoffensive Chinese characters written in ancient seal script, all synonyms for strength or power.
4302	Now, a person close to Meredith is selling "New Miss" merchandise and trying to trademark a logo with cursive script that is nearly identical to the university's Ole Miss logo.
4303	Now, a person close to Meredith is selling “New Miss” merchandise and trying to trademark a logo with cursive script that is nearly identical to the university's Ole Miss logo.
4304	Now, a person close to Meredith is selling “New Miss” merchandise and trying to trademark a logo with cursive script that is nearly identical to the university’s Ole Miss logo.
4305	Now, a person close to Meredith is selling ”New Miss” merchandise and trying to trademark a logo with cursive script that is nearly identical to the university’s Ole Miss logo.
4306	Now, apply paint in even, vertical strokes, using a stencil brush.
4307	Now, in a press conference on March 24 at the Lanier Theological Library in Houston, Texas the Associates for Biblical Research (ABR) announced the discovery of a formulaic curse inscription recovered on a small, folded lead tablet found on Mount Ebal.
4308	Now, it was said, those using the Great Seal were enemies of the state, which was not currently entrusted to the King.
4309	Now, the letters patent making Prince William the Prince of Wales passed the Great Seal of the Realm.
4310	Now, there is a very small number of companies whose employees adhere to the official style and wear strict suits.
4311	Now, when we’re looking at the Chinese calligraphy painting, you can see big mountains, big valleys, big water, and then you can see a small house, a small person, a small boat.
4312	Now, you may literally be competing for product against a computer running scripts that can monitor websites faster than you can click and place orders without even loading a webpage.
4313	Nowhere is Michigan’s embrace of slogans more evident than in The Great Seal of Michigan.
4314	Nu is representative of Sanyu’s signature style of nude oil painting, reminiscent of both Chinese calligraphy and Fauvist forms, which has led some to dub the artist the “Chinese Matisse.” Nu was included in Sanyu’s final exhibition before his death in 1966, where it was shown alongside a nearly-identical version of Nu painted in 1965.
4315	Numerous 'missing' cases involve inscriptions and tablets that lack a permanent address.
4316	Numerous exciting events will also be held including "Cooking with Chef Kitty", Chinese calligraphy appreciation, yoga demonstrations and more.In cooperation with livestreaming platform operators, multiple livestreaming sessions helmed by key opinion leaders (KOLs) will be arranged.
4317	Numerous exciting events will also be held including “Cooking with Chef Kitty”, Chinese calligraphy appreciation, yoga demonstrations and more.
4318	OK, so the product distributes through a super fine and thin brush tip and it dries incredibly fast, which scared me knowing my history of clumsiness with this kind of product.
4319	OUTER SPACE -- “The future of space is female,” by Chabeli Carrazana: “The term ‘manned spaceflight’ is already out of vogue — NASA’s official style guide calls it ‘piloted’ or ‘human’ spaceflight.
4320	Oadby's Lord Keeper of the Great Seal is in at number receiving an average score of 3.5/5 based on 95 reviews.
4321	Oadby's Lord Keeper of the Great Seal is in at number seven receiving an average score of 3.5/5 based on 114 reviews.
4322	Observers noticed that the real great seal features Virtus wearing a toga and with her left breast bared.
4323	Obsidian even simulated the effect of dipping a pen in ink for the cursive script.
4324	Occasionally a love interest will send me notes, written in beautifully cursive script – as is proper – with small gifts enclosed.
4325	Of course, a great deal of people give a shit, as Curb has become one of the longest running scripted TV comedies ever.
4326	Of course, many independent films these days are made without a formal script, often blurring the lines between fact and fiction.
4327	Of course, the “Four Treasures of the Study”, referring to writing brushes, paper, ink and the inkstone (mortar to grind the ink), are the highlights in the exhibition.
4328	Of these, the small sealed lead acid segment accounted for major share and expected to remain dominant over the forecast period.
4329	Offering a smooth, smudge-free blending experience, these markers have a dual-tip design that offers a brush tip and chisel tip for creating different strokes.
4330	Offering fans a sneak peek inside the intimate affair, Scott showcased some of the decorations inside the venue, including plenty of metallic silver balloons, and an intricate backdrop adorned with the Star of David and the words “Mason’s Bar Mitzvah” in an elaborate cursive script.
4331	Officers attended and Lambert was arrested and a search of the car revealed a small sealable bag containing a white powder which was found to be cocaine.
4332	Officers received permission to search the vehicle, and found small sealable baggies, glass smoking devices with white residue, and multiple baggies containing a crystalline substance.
4333	Officers retrieved the bag and found "a large amount of marijuana" and a cigarette pack with two small sealable bags that contained methamphetamine, the report said.
4334	Official scripting credits for the film are attributed to Denis, her long-time collaborator Jean-Pol Fargeau, and Geoff Cox.
4335	Official sources told The Indian Express, “Many such cases pertain to inscriptions, batteries and tablets, which don’t have a fixed address.
4336	Official stamps returned in 1983 with a series of stamps with a design incorporating the Great Seal of the United States (Scott O127-O163).
4337	Official style guide for Cookie Monster, 1973.
4338	Officially, the Kremlin is trying to steer clear of rumors about annexations: the referendums, the official script says, are just a demonstration of the will of the population, now freed from “Ukrainian shackles”, although these votes, initially scheduled for 9/11, are just part of the equation.
4339	Officials have said that many of these lost monuments are also inscriptions and tablets which could have been removed or destroyed, explaining difficulties in tracking them.
4340	Offset, 26, showed off his new ink in a series of Instagram Stories, revealing cursive script spelling out his 1-month-old’s name that runs from just under his ear and across his cheek to his chin.
4341	Often liquids and sometimes food are not allowed into the theater, you didn’t hear it from us, but it’s always worth having a small sealed bag of food (granola bar, goldfish, etc) tucked away somewhere in the depths of your bag.
4342	Ogham predominately exists in Ireland but is also found across the United Kingdom and appears on inscriptions and tablets dating back to the 4th century AD.
4343	Ohio’s Great Seal State Park is located at 4908 Marietta Rd in Chillicothe.
4344	Ohio’s Great Seal State Park is located at 4908 Marietta Road in Chillicothe.
4345	Olerud would meet the ball with a downward stroke that sent a worm-burner just past the outstretched glove of the shortstop.
4346	Olive oil is a penetrative oil rich with fatty acids that coat the shine hair shaft, making it a great sealant.
4347	On 11 December James threw the Great Seal of England into the Thames (hoping thus to prevent the passing of legislation in his absence) and travelled in heavy disguise to the Kent coast, where a small ship was waiting to take him to France.
4348	On 17 October, Wolsey was commanded to surrender the Great Seal of England he held as Chancellor, and in April 1530 travelled to York, finally to take up his seat as its archbishop.
4349	On 1972 proof set lenses, a heraldic eagle is etched into the case above the half dollar, whereas on the 1983 proof set an italicized inscription (“United States Proof Set”) appears in fancy cursive script below the half dollar.
4350	On August 26, Zhang Zhaoyang said on social media: “My girlfriend Li Siman and I were beaten at the Qingdao Railway Station… The police are handling it, and we have now gone to the hospital safely to complete the injury examination… Thank you for your concern.
4351	On China's social media platforms, like Weibo and Bilibili, pictures and videos about Chinese astronauts' space lives are popular, such as Nie Haisheng playing shadow boxing, Liu Boming writing Chinese calligraphy, and Tang Hongbo taking pictures of the moon with his mobile phone from the cabin window.
4352	On February 1, shoppers are invited to welcome the Lunar New Year at the International Market Place’s free, family-welcoming Chinese New Year festivities, which will include lion dance performances and traditional Chinese calligraphy.
4353	On February 22, 1957 the Palace issued a statement saying: “The Queen has been pleased by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the Realm bearing date 22nd February, 1957, to give and grant unto His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh, K.G., K.T., G.B.E., the style and titular dignity of a Prince of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Whitehall.
4354	On February 22, 1957 the Palace issued a statement which read: “The Queen has been pleased by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the Realm bearing date 22nd February, 1957, to give and grant unto His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh, K.G., K.T., G.B.E., the style and titular dignity of a Prince of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Whitehall.
4355	On February 22, 1957 the palace issued a statement saying: “The Queen has been pleased by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the Realm bearing date 22nd February, 1957, to give and grant unto His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh, K.G., K.T., G.B.E., the style and titular dignity of a Prince of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Whitehall.
4356	On February 22, 1957, the Palace issued a statement which read: “The Queen has been pleased by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the Realm bearing date 22nd February, 1957, to give and grant unto His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh, K.G., K.T., G.B.E., the style and titular dignity of a Prince of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Whitehall.
4357	On February 22, 1957, the Palace issued a statement which read: “The Queen has been pleased by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the Realm bearing date February 22, 1957, to give and grant unto His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh, KG, KT, GBE, the style and titular dignity of a Prince of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Whitehall.
4358	On Friday, Beverly Young Nelson explained that she had added her own notes to an inscription and signature that she says Moore wrote in her yearbook in 1977, when she was 16 years old.
4359	On Friday, cultural events such as martial arts, Chinese folk music performances, and Chinese calligraphy and painting, as well as tea art were staged simultaneously with the dragon boat race.
4360	On Friday, the Paint Valley JROTC Drill Team and the Great Seal of Ohio Band will perform during the afternoon.
4361	On January 28, 1782, the U.S. Congress authorized creation of the great seal of the United States.
4362	On January 28, 1782, the US Congress approved the creation of the Great Seal of the United States.
4363	On July 4, 1776, the Continental Congress authorized John Adams, Benjamin Franklin, and Thomas Jefferson to recommend a design for a Great Seal of the United States, and the committee proposed the motto “E Pluribus Unum,” or “Out of many, one.” The theme is particularly important for President Obama, who consistently returns to the significance of national unity.
4364	On July 4, 1776, the Continental Congress tasked Benjamin Franklin, Thomas Jefferson, and John Adams with designing the first great seal of the United States.
4365	On July 4, 1776, the US declared its independence, and the Continental Congress named Franklin and future presidents John Adams and Thomas Jefferson to form a committee to design a Great Seal.
4366	On July 4, 1776, the same day that independence from Great Britain was declared by the thirteen states, the Continental Congress named the first committee to design a Great Seal, or national emblem, for the country.
4367	On June 16, students discovered what learning was like in a Chinese classroom through Chinese calligraphy, martial arts, Tai Chi Kung Fu fans, and stepping on a cereal known as sorghum.
4368	On June 20, 1782, the Continental Congress adopted the design for the Great Seal of the United States, depicting a bald eagle grasping 13 arrows and an olive branch with 13 leaves with its talons.
4369	On June 20, 1782, the Great Seal of the United States was approved by the Second Continental Congress.
4370	On March 8, 2006, a 39¢ Great Seal of the United States Official mail stamp (Scott O160) was issued.
4371	On May 26, 2011, the great seal was applied to the letters patent conferring these titles.
4372	On Monday what looked like a couple of ornate but old cigarette boxes sold for £1,000, after we identified them as Chinese calligraphy boxes, much to the surprise and delight of the vendor.
4373	On Monday, Kim shared a series of photos of herself with her beau on Instagram, and several eagle-eyed fans quickly noted that the comedian now has the words "Jasmine" and "Aladdin" inked on his neck in a cursive script.
4374	On Monday, Kim shared a series of photos of herself with her beau on Instagram, and several eagle-eyed fans quickly noted that the comedian now has the words “Jasmine” and “Aladdin” inked on his neck in a cursive script.
4375	On Monday, the singer-songwriter, 33, debuted a new tattoo of the Lizzie McGuire alum's first name inked in cursive script, by sharing a hilarious photo of his bare backside on Instagram.
4376	On November 2, a handful of Italian exchange students sat down at bright blue desks at a Wuhan university to try their hand at Chinese calligraphy.
4377	On Saturday, zoo-goers can catch a Chinese calligraphy demonstration at 9 a.m., nosh on some panda-shaped bao buns at 10 a.m., and enjoy performances from Gin dancers and lion dancers at 11 a.m. and noon.
4378	On Sunday, February 2, Shoppers will have the opportunity to have their names written in Chinese calligraphy.
4379	On Sunday, Guggenheim took to Twitter to share the official script pages for those closing moments.
4380	On Sunday, the 32-year-old singer showed off the newest tattoo added to his collection – Martin's name inked in cursive script above his right eyebrow – on his girlfriend's Instagram Story.
4381	On Sunday, the actress took to Instagram, where she shared a photo of her hand resting over new husband Brad Falchuk‘s, putting their slender gold wedding bands on display.
4382	On Tuesday, it was announced that HBO’s longest running scripted show Curb Your Enthusiasm is returning for a ninth season.
4383	On Twitter, he wrote: “All that is required is for the Great Seal to be attached to the document.
4384	On Veterans Day in November, large crowds gather to observe the Great Seal of the United States being illuminated — as the sun’s rays pass through five ellipses carved out of the pillars — at precisely the 11th minute, of the 11th hour, of the 11th day, of the 11th month, which marked the signing of the armistice ending World War I.
4385	On Wednesday, Iraqi Minister of Culture, Tourism, and Antiquities Hassan Nadhim said in a statement that the retrieved tablets date back to 4,500 years ago and bear cuneiform inscriptions documenting the trade exchanges during the Sumerian civilization.
4386	On Wednesday, Minister of Culture, Tourism, and Antiquities Hassan Nadhim said in a statement that the retrieved tablets date back to 4,500 years ago and bear cuneiform inscriptions documenting the trade exchanges during the Sumerian civilization.
4387	On Wednesday, a long line of green Humvees and armored fighting vehicles drove in single file along a highway outside Kandahar -- the spiritual birthplace of the militant movement -- many flying white-and-black Taliban flags, an AFP journalist saw.
4388	On Wednesday, a long line of green Humvees and armoured fighting vehicles drove in single file along a highway outside Kandahar -- the spiritual birthplace of the militant movement -- many flying white-and-black Taliban flags.
4389	On Wednesday, a long line of green Humvees and armoured fighting vehicles drove in single file along a highway outside Kandahar — the spiritual birthplace of the militant movement — many flying white-and-black Taliban flags, an AFP journalist saw.
4390	On Wednesday, a long line of green Humvees and armoured fighting vehicles drove in single file along a highway outside Kandahar — the spiritual birthplace of the militant movement — many flying white-and-black Taliban flags.
4391	On a fourth-century-B.C. Greek tablet we find the anonymous inscription “‘I am parched with thirst and I perish.
4392	On a hunch, Matt takes a sledgehammer to the basement floor and discovers a buried toolbox filled with slender gold bars worth about a million dollars.
4393	On a hunch, Matt takes a sledgehammer to the basement floor and discovers a buried toolbox filled with slender gold bars.
4394	On another matter in which he had been criticised over a Chinese calligraphy print hung on the wall in his office, Lim said such fault-finding constituted racial games which were the work of irresponsible parties.
4395	On another panel appears a variant of the Great Seal of the United States, in which the eagle holds a shield bearing the stars and stripes and the word “UNION.” The lantern — tin, glass, paper — is simplicity itself, a simple box with a scalloped knob on top.
4396	On both occasions, Mead sported cowboy boots featuring the Great Seal of the State of Wyoming.
4397	On close inspection, you can see that all of the horizontal strokes of each E vary to some degree.
4398	On display are 116 seals made during the period, covering artists including Wen Peng, He Zhen, Deng Shiru, Wu Xizai and Wu Changshuo.
4399	On each envelope he wrote detailed captions in delicate Chinese calligraphy.
4400	On each side of the roadway leading to the spacious mall in front of the chapel, there is a massive pier bearing the Great Seal of the United States that is engaged with a somewhat lower flanking arch enclosing a wrought-iron gate.
4401	On her right forearm, she shared images of a much smaller cursive script scrawled across her skin.
4402	On her wrist is a new tattoo, It features Jack’s name written in cursive script.
4403	On her wrist, a new cursive script that read "Jack" could clearly be seen.
4404	On her wrist, a new cursive script that read “Jack” could clearly be seen.
4405	On his moniker, he says that "Ceno" is derived from the Singlish slang word "cheena" (he also loves Chinese calligraphy) and that he added the "2" to remind him to be humble.
4406	On its app, the Asian Art Museum offers experiences such as a “Meditative Art tour.” On its website are directions for creating mandalas, Chinese calligraphy, lotus lanterns, simulated woodblock prints and Balinese shadow puppets.
4407	On my death, it would involve my children removing the tablet to have my inscription entered beside my wife’s.
4408	On one downward stroke, my knuckle caught the bathtub’s trip lever.
4409	On one end is a precision brush tip to amp up sparse areas and add shape, while the other side features an invisible gel that provides a flexible hold without stiffness.
4410	On one end of the pen, you’ll find a finer felt tip, while on the other is a smooth nylon fiber brush tip.
4411	On one external wall are names inscribed in cursive script in the soft terracotta.
4412	On one photoshoot occasion, Larry worked with a hospice patient who did Chinese calligraphy every day.
4413	On one side of her red sandstone monument is an inscription in English on a white marble tablet, on the opposite side was another in Persian, which has been pilfered.
4414	On one side was a massive, intricate door, its entrance marked with a great seal and a complex lock.
4415	On other hand, the restrictive downward stroke of the X also makes sense.
4416	On show are original calligraphy works ranging from seal-carving to cursive scripts.
4417	On show at the Mithraeum are wooden tablets with some of the earliest Roman inscriptions.
4418	On some mornings, if you venture far enough along the path lined with overgrown potted plants and laundry racks, you would come across a young man sitting here quietly with an inkstone, brushes, white paper and black ink, practising Chinese calligraphy strokes.
4419	On that day only, visitors will be able to buy the coin on-site as well as have a special Panda Passage seal and hand-painted Chinese calligraphy added to each of their purchases.
4420	On the 19th, Bloomingdale’s kicks off the celebration, while activities on Friday the 20th include tarot card readings and Chinese calligraphy.
4421	On the Great Seal and in all representations of it that I can find, the stars are arranged in a larger "star" pattern.
4422	On the Great Seal of the United States is the phrase “E pluribus unum.” This wonderful motto was chosen for our country in 1776.
4423	On the Great Seal of the United States, at the bottom of the pyramid, the year 1776 is depicted in roman numerals (MDCCLXXVI).
4424	On the Great Seal, there are also 13 stripes and 13 stars to denote the original 13 colonies.
4425	On the Rosetta Stone itself, discovered on 15 July 1799 at Rashid by a Napoleonic soldier during the Egypt campaign, is written a text in hieroglyphics, Demotic (the Egyptian cursive script) and Greek that allowed Champollion to decipher a decree of 27 March 196 BC from Pharaoh Ptolemy V announcing an amnesty for debtors and prisoners.
4426	On the Spring Festival couplets full of strong flavor of the new year and full of New Year blessings, the word “Fu” in cursive script, seal script and various scripts is vividly written on the paper, and the best wishes for the prosperity of the country, the people’s safety, happiness and well-being are condensed in the flying pen and ink.
4427	On the abolition of that office in December 1922 (Ross stepped down on December 27), the nationalist 'Freeman’s Journal' observed: ‘Sir John is the last of a distinguished line, and it is good that the last holder of the Great Seal should be himself a man of distinction and high character.
4428	On the back of every U.S. one-dollar bill sits the Great Pyramid, eye blazing omnidirectionally from its apex, all a part of the Great Seal of the United States of America.
4429	On the back of the American dollar bill, two images — both from the design of the Great Seal of the United States — stand out.
4430	On the band’s debut album, Who I Am, were songs titled, “State of Emergency,” “Conspiracy Theory” and “Olive & An Arrow,” which is a nod to the Great Seal of the United States that depicts a bald eagle holding an olive branch and arrows.
4431	On the basis of the chemical composition type, the global automotive battery market is segmented into lithium-ion, nickel-cadmium, nickel-metal hydride, and small sealed lead acid.
4432	On the day of the activity, He Meizhen, the president of Street Guxin Painting and Calligraphy Club, led calligraphy lovers and volunteers to gather together, splashing ink, using Xing, Li, Kai and other fonts to show their charm, writing blessing characters and Spring Festival couplets for the masses, and the atmosphere was warm .
4433	On the day, there will Chinese calligraphy workshops, Chinese live music performances, tai chi and wu qin xi workshops and Chinese knots and bracelets workshops.
4434	On the document, there was a Roman numeral at the tail end of my name, Hector Manuel Acosta III—that final downward stroke the only difference between my father and myself.
4435	On the downward stroke the tube edge caught the top of the post and the heavy driver bounced off the post and crashed down on the person’s head.
4436	On the eve of the Guggenheim show he plans to blow the dust from a leaf-catching machine into a small sealed room.
4437	On the first two offensive possessions, Hockenson had a great seal block on an interior run, a catch with good YAC on a well-designed out route and another hot route where he was open but Matthew Stafford’s throw was behind him.
4438	On the front of the watch case is the Great Seal of the United States, featuring a bald eagle holding an olive branch and 13 arrows in its talons.
4439	On the front of this monument, you will find a superb piece of American gray granite with an inscription tablet, sill, and seat.
4440	On the front you can see the Great Seal of the US, which depicts an eagle, while on the back there is an engraved message from Wilson.
4441	On the grounds behind the building, Su's calligraphy works and poems are carved on the walls and stone tablets.
4442	On the left is a revers of the great seal with an incomplete Egyptian pyramid representing, "Solid, Strength and Duration." The unfinished pyramid means that the United States will always build, grow and improve.
4443	On the left-hand side of the barrel in cursive script reads Sarkar Mir 'Ali Murad Khan Talpur, help O 'Ali!
4444	On the next play, Walker ripped off a 20-yard run behind a great seal block from Parkinson, using his longest run of the day to move his team down to the Rams' 27-yard line.
4445	On the opening drive in Detroit, Jordan Howard ripped off a 28-yard run thanks to great seal blocks by left tackle Charles Leno Jr.
4446	On the opposite bicep, another design which reads 'You Only Live Once' is etched into his skin, as well as another tattoo on his upper arm in cursive script.
4447	On the opposite wall, patrons practice their Chinese calligraphy skills and add symbols to create poems, inspired by oversized quotes from the Tao te Ching.
4448	On the other hand, chisel tips, brush tips, and bullet tips with an angled point can easily cover lots of area on the page or focus on smaller areas, depending on how you hold them.
4449	On the other hand, the Great Seal is supposed to represent our national leaders so the turkey might be an entirely appropriate choice.
4450	On the panel is the Great Seal of the United States.
4451	On the question of language, I would suggest that we add complementary signs of our country’s other motto: “E Pluribus Unum.” That second motto, which appears on the Great Seal of the United States, has multiple virtues.
4452	On the reverse (back) side, a heraldic eagle is engraved, and the eagle was based on the Great Seal of the United States.
4453	On the reverse of the medal is the same image of the House of Commons as the one on the Great Seal.
4454	On the social media page where scrubbing enthusiasts give each other advice, the majority recommended using dishwashing tablets and powder with some hot water to banish the stains.
4455	On the three-day trip, they learned Chinese calligraphy and met an unexpectedly beautiful lavender flower field by the lake.
4456	On the walls hang Chinese calligraphy works of the song titles and lyrics by artist Grace Chen Liang, as well as paintings by artist Mo Ni.
4457	On this April night, Wang was spotted unwinding as he often does in his office: practicing the art of Chinese calligraphy, a form that expresses the beauty of classical characters and, it is said, the nature of the person who writes them.
4458	On this date in 1952, the Great Seal of the Navajo Tribe was adopted by the Tribal Council.
4459	On this date in 1952, the Great Seal of the Navajo Tribe was adopted by the Tribal Council.
4460	On this date in 2006, a 440-pound rendition of North Dakota’s Great Seal was dedicated and hung on the marble wall in the Capitol Building’s Memorial Hall.
4461	On this date: In 1782, Congress approved the Great Seal of the United States, featuring the emblem of the bald eagle.
4462	On this floor was a beautiful private art collection of ancient Chinese calligraphy and watercolors.
4463	On this late July afternoon, her lab is crowded with a dozen researchers, busy placing granules of rice in trays for analysis, writing and running scripts for image analysis, or watering plants on the rooftop.
4464	On this podcast, they talk about the history of lead mining, the creation of The Great Seal of Iowa, the power of the American Indian Movement of the 1970s, and the part that Iowa played in the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act.
4465	On tomorrow’s date in 1782, the Great Seal of the United States was finally adopted by Congress.
4466	On top of the shape, a simple saying such as “There’s No Time Like the Present” is written out in a commercial-style cursive script in white chalk.
4467	On top was a note quoting The Year of Magical Thinking, in cursive script written by a hand that seemed shaky.
4468	Once EQ’ed within the app, they have a fantastic soundstage, great ANC, a great seal in the ear, excellent comfort, and everything that makes a great TWS earbud.
4469	Once I’m President, I will redesign the Great Seal of the United States, replacing the eagle with a sparrow.
4470	Once a year at 11 A.M on November 11, the sun perfectly aligns with the “Vietnam Veterans Memorial.” At 11 A.M. each Veterans Day, the sun rays pass through the 5 Armed Services Pillars, lighting up the Great Seal of the United Sates.
4471	Once of the first things asylum seekers in the "Remain in Mexico" program see when they are briefly escorted into the U.S. and to El Paso's immigration court is this replica of the "The Great Seal of the United States." It contains one of the nation's mottos in Latin, E pluribus unum — out of many, one.
4472	Once picked up, Beetl has a small sealed container inside to store until disposed of.
4473	Once the screws are removed, place the slots and screws in a small sealed bag so you can keep them safe and reuse them again at a later time if required.
4474	Once they reach it, read the inscription on the stone tablet.
4475	Once you have a stable fit and a great seal, then you're good to go.
4476	Once young students have internalized stable, mental models of letter shapes, they can generalize and recognize various types of cursive script with a bit of practice.
4477	Once you’ve covered the brush with the gel, brush your teeth with the whitening pen in vertical strokes.
4478	Once you’ve mastered the forward and turning strokes, you can start to experiment with other strokes that can help you move around on the water.
4479	Once you’ve set up your brush tip you’re nearly ready to start sketching.
4480	One Twitter user wrote, “The Stranger Things 8flix scripts, even ‘Dear Billy’, are NOT true official scripts.
4481	One area features a complimentary dragon's pearl coloring craft, and another features Chinese calligraphy with local artisans.
4482	One area features a complimentary dragon’s pearl coloring craft, and another features Chinese calligraphy with local artisans.
4483	One article I read about this referenced what Daniel Patrick Moynihan wrote in 1962 in his principles for federal architecture: that “an official style should be avoided,” and design must flow “from the architectural profession to the Government, and not vice versa.” I’ll leave it at that, because I don’t know how much more forcefully I can express my objections to this order.
4484	One article stated the colors reflect those on our country’s Great Seal.
4485	One bit of advice would be to use vertical strokes up and down the door following the grain.
4486	One by one, members of the congregation waited their turn in line, then stood in silence as they invoked the saints and their intercession for a few moments, often bowing their heads before the snip of blood-stained cloth from Padre Pio, preserved in a small sealed glass holder, and a similar piece of preserved cloth with the dried residue of a small amount of blood from samples taken from St.
4487	One by one, the tenants on Sampsonia Way brought the shabby block to full-color life, covering the facades with Chinese calligraphy, Burmese murals, Bengali prose, jazz art, and a mosaic based on a passage by the Nigerian writer Wole Soyinka, making the street itself a kind of library.
4488	One commenter remarked: "Barely any scrubbing required and you only need to use one tablet.
4489	One cool capability that I recently discovered in PaintShop is the ability to create your own custom brush tips.
4490	One customer wrote that “the brush tip is very helpful for getting under the stones,” making it a great way to quickly give your pieces some serious shine at a moment’s notice.
4491	One day, Wang Xizhi was summoned to the capital and to bid him farewell, his family held a lavish dinner.
4492	One design was treated to a whisper of sky blue, with a sheer plunging bodice, a dreamy cloud print, and a sprinkle of shine and cursive script all over.
4493	One difference concerns the eagle’s head facing in the direction of arrows in the right talon whereas the eagle on the Great Seal holds an olive branch there, signifying that we prefer peace (but will defend ourselves).
4494	One district made a minor change nonetheless: Mandan High School has been moving away from its former “Indian head” logo in favor of a large “M,” over which “Braves” is written in cursive script.
4495	One enthusiast previously shared that rubbing a dishwasher tablet over dirty cooking dishes helps life old burnt on food stains.
4496	One enthusiastic parent was seen holding up a large red banner with a couplet written in Chinese calligraphy to wish his child the very best.
4497	One expression defined the focus of my class’s training: E pluribus unum, “Out of many, one,” which was inscribed on the Great Seal of the United States in 1782 and served as the de facto motto of the United States for 174 years.
4498	One gained insight is that for typical websites the speed it takes to start running script is more important than peak performance, which previous benchmarks like Octane were geared towards.
4499	One is The Charter from King James, under the Great Seal, a document, measuring 358 x 190mm which is fragile, stained and brittle – only holding together because it is parchment.
4500	One is a brush tip, which helps you craft fine lines.
4501	One is attributed to Mi Fu (1051-1107) but is given as a 17th century copy after a work by Mi Fu’s son Mi Youren, and carries the encomium of Emperor Qian Long (reg.
4502	One is covered in thick sweeps of black Chinese calligraphy from shoulder to wrist.
4503	One letter, he told us, was from Queensland and “it came in a small envelope, and it was written on lined A4 paper, in cursive script, running writing”… Why go into such detail?
4504	One more reason why Python is a good choice for web applications is the ability of running scripts which are not embedded to the web server (unlike running a PHP script.) Scripts are run as separate processes.
4505	One of Baumgarten’s sons, Herman Baumgarten, later engraved the 1877 version of the Great Seal of the United States.
4506	One of Raffensperger’s responsibilities is to serve as Georgia’s keeper of the Great Seal.
4507	One of his apprentices patiently taught me, one on one, how to design a new cake or how to write Chinese calligraphy in chocolate.
4508	One of his inkings – written in black cursive script – shows Brooklyn's wedding vows which he shared with Nicola at their star-studded nuptials.
4509	One of only three known Fort Pitt horns by the noted artist known as the "Pointed Tree Carver" dates to the 1760s and displays images of the Allegheny and Monongahela River confluence, a hunter and hounds, a banner labeled "PITSBOURG," and the British Great Seal.
4510	One of the artifacts that Merritt finds intriguing is a broken ink stone used to write Chinese calligraphy that was found at the site.
4511	One of the best features of this well-designed product is the brush tip applicator that makes life just a bit easier.
4512	One of the best known horse painters in ancient China, Zhao Mengfu depicted steeds individually and in large numbers.
4513	One of the best-known calligraphers of his time, Cai is famed for his signature Fei Bai style, or in English “Flying White,” which features hollow strokes, as if written with a half-dry brush.
4514	One of the causes of the misunderstanding, according to Professor Attilio Bartoli Langeli, was because the notary's handwriting was "decidedly bad cursive script, awkward and careless".
4515	One of the causes of the misunderstanding, according to Professor Attilio Bartoli Langeli, was because the notary’s handwriting was “decidedly bad cursive script, awkward and careless”.
4516	One of the earliest paintings of the US Great Seal hangs along a side wall.
4517	One of the experts called on to confirm the identity of the seal, Dr Lesley Milner FSA, said: “The silver matrix of the Great Seal of the Chapter of Lincoln Cathedral has a world-wide reputation as a rare piece of 12th century craftsmanship, but until recently no one in living memory had seen or handled the real object.
4518	One of the featured artifacts that will be on display is a Sumerian terracotta tablet with rows of cuneiform inscriptions on both sides.
4519	One of the highlights is a set of engraved Lingbi stone tablets created by 97 renowned Chinese calligraphers and engraved by 56 sculpture artists over six years.
4520	One of the key highlights in this display features Singaporeans at Chinatown's Festive Street Bazaar shopping for Chinese New Year goodies and spring couplets (Chinese calligraphy with auspicious phrases).
4521	One of the most interesting and mind blowing parts of Chinese club is the Chinese calligraphy.
4522	One of the other murals featured the Great Seal of the United States with a Star of David in it.
4523	One of the photos in their most recent Instagram post showed an assortment of artwork on the wall of their baby’s nursery room, featuring a a neon rainbow, Ender’s name in cursive script, and a poster of Studio Ghibli animation Ponyo, among other pieces of art.
4524	One of the reasons people write in cursive script is because it's faster than printing each letter.
4525	One of the tattoos reads “Crybaby Rip Jalon,” in a cursive script.
4526	One of the versions of the list also bore the speaker's distinctive cursive script, adding names and phone numbers to the collection - and crossing one of his additions out.
4527	One of the versions of the list also bore the speaker’s distinctive cursive script, adding names and phone numbers to the collection – and crossing one of his additions out.
4528	One park any Ohioan must visit is the Great Seal State Park where hikers can see views that inspired the seal of Ohio.
4529	One particularly interesting set of inscriptions was found on a mysterious, 3,400-year-old stone tablet dating back to a time where researchers believe the mine was abandoned.
4530	One person said: "All day brunch at ‘The Lord Keeper of the Great Seal’.
4531	One photo showed a painting depicting the Great Seal of the United States executed in red and blue, with the eagle grasping bombs and hypodermic syringes and scattering weapons and drugs.
4532	One placard featured a caricature of Dr Mahathir which read "environmental colonialism" and another placard written in the Chinese calligraphy style, held by DAP assemblyman Ronnie Liu, contained a sarcastic message aimed at the federal government.
4533	One plate was an expensive proposition that must have been made in Britain in the early 1800s—the equipment to make plates this way had not yet arrived in America—and has the engraving of the Great Seal of the United States of America on it.
4534	One reason Jefferson has always been so closely associated with the motto is that he was part of a three-man committee (along with Franklin and John Adams) delegated by the Continental Congress to create a design for the great seal of the United States of America.
4535	One reviewer wrote: “Both the fine line tip and brush tips of these markers are easy to use and the colors have a decent range to them.
4536	One seems to be composed of broad brushstrokes that go left to right, but in fact is painted with multiple downward strokes.
4537	One set is a cream and black T-shirt and shorts duo , with Bambi written in cursive script and the sweet deer's head.
4538	One showed how an eavesdropping microphone had been embedded in the wood frame of The Great Seal of the U.S. in the Moscow Embassy (thought to be done by an American snake).
4539	One side brush tip, one side fine-liner pen, the Tombow Dual Brush Pens are perfect for hand lettering and arguably the most essential item in any bullet journal kit.
4540	One side features a mountain range and was adopted from the New York State coat of arms, while the reverse includes the eagle and other elements that make up the Great Seal of the United States.
4541	One side is a 1440p IPS LCD unit while the other is an E Ink slab.
4542	One side of the liner is made of a tapered brush tip (which Kattan cut herself) for a seamless liquid application.
4543	One stall was giving away cloth bags with Chinese calligraphy ambigrams that use the characters for both "Hong Kong" and "add oil", a popular phrase of encouragement.
4544	One stall was giving away cloth bags with Chinese calligraphy ambigrams that use the characters for both “Hong Kong” and “add oil”, a popular phrase of encouragement.
4545	One stall was giving away cloth bags with Chinese calligraphy ambigrams using the characters for both "Hong Kong" and "add oil", a phrase of encouragement.
4546	One study that demonstrated efficacy used a tablet-based Chinese calligraphy program as a form of cognitive training [ ].
4547	One thing I've noticed about our Great Seal – you have to be picky who you choose to do the artwork.
4548	One was a brown envelope on which was written in shaky cursive script: George McBride, 3 Whitewell Parade, Whitewell Road, Belfast.
4549	One will shake up her deadly daily life while the boorishness of the other will prove to be more endearing than expected, the two companions getting closer at the bend of the usual scene of musical conflict, or that of the liberating confession around a small seal.
4550	One wrote "We will get revenge" in cursive script that looked similar to the graffiti from WFA's wall.
4551	One), as inscribed on the Great Seal of the United States.
4552	Online, the AEC has refuted dozens of claims about voter turnout, the counting process and the use of the Great Seal of the Commonwealth on official election writs.
4553	Only people who are running scripts.
4554	Only wash the brush tip so you don’t weaken the glue that holds it in place.
4555	Ontario museum to hold free Chinese calligraphy class Share Pin It More Galleries The public is invited to take a free Chinese calligraphy class at the Ontario Museum of History & Art.
4556	Open daily from 10am–10pm, the U3A Bandar Utama Art Exhibition will showcase some of the masterpieces done by its senior citizen members, including Chinese calligraphy, Chinese painting & acrylic painting.
4557	Opening the 16th Annual General Meeting and Conference of Africa Prosecutors Association in Mombasa County on January 31, Ruto diverted from the official script to launch an open assault on Uhuru.
4558	Opening with the title in yellow cursive script over generic country-western twang, the movie embodies the wholesome mid-’90s aesthetic of delicate floral prints and pearl chokers—and that’s before Alyson Hannigan shows up in a bridesmaid dress that looks like it’s made out of Fruit Roll-Ups.
4559	Opinion: Chinese calligraphy is not as easy as it looks!
4560	Oprah had each bottle adapted for guests with their names in beautiful white cursive script.
4561	Option 2 - a Cyrillic P with horizontal strokes - has at least one backer: "I like the second one, it is easy to write, and does not change much in the nature of the traditional letter," said Anton Zakharov, a fund manager at Promsvyazbank.
4562	Option 2 - a Cyrillic P with horizontal strokes - has at least one backer: “I like the second one, it is easy to write, and does not change much in the nature of the traditional letter,” said Anton Zakharov, a fund manager at Promsvyazbank.
4563	Options to make up for the trip cancellation include making dumplings, holding a tea ceremony, a visit to Buddhist Temple, a Tai Chi lesson, a lesson on Chinese calligraphy and a lesson on Tang Dynasty poetry, among other things.
4564	Or about Dong Qichang’s thrilling journeys across 17th century Chinese landscape scrolls into deep cultural and natural history.
4565	Or anything with the Great Seal of the United States on it.
4566	Or maybe it’s because I had to practice Chinese calligraphy with my mom so many Saturday mornings of my adolescence.
4567	Or maybe she’ll try Chinese calligraphy, pointing to the two framed examples done by her father that hang in Sampan’s foyer.
4568	Or maybe those flying white rodents won't stop until every last seaside donut is devoured.
4569	Or picture an impromptu brushstroke in Chinese calligraphy, its chi expressing the life force that energizes all things.
4570	Or placing multiple bottles inside a tawny calfskin case that secures with a slender gold-tone metal lock?
4571	Or running scripts to automatically change the styling of websites, removing annoying sections (not just ads!
4572	Or they might show Chinese calligraphy or Japanese carp, reflecting the myriad cultures of immigrants who have shaped Hawaii's modern culture.
4573	Or they might show Chinese calligraphy or Japanese carp, reflecting the myriad cultures of immigrants who have shaped Hawaii’s modern culture.
4574	Or, when James Murdoch, in an interview in Star’s Mumbai HQ, The Masterpiece, abandoned his official script and waxed eloquent about how the ‘Ambassador’ car was the best thing that had happened to India.
4575	Organic Jojoba Oil $10.99 Desert Essence Buy At Amazon Jojoba oil is another great sealant to use if you prefer something more lightweight.
4576	Organized by the Confederate Memorial Literary Society and staffed entirely by women—many of whom had been involved in commemorative activities going back to the end of the war—the museum preserved important artifacts within the walls of President Jefferson Davis’s former executive mansion, including the Great Seal of the Confederate States of America.
4577	Original interior latches and brass knobs are embossed with the Great Seal of England.
4578	Originally they were used to appreciate Chinese calligraphy, but the writer has found them to be very useful for everyday objects as well.
4579	Originated in China, Xuan paper was widely used by famous authors and artists, and their creations have survived until today due to the strength and quality of the paper.
4580	Originating more than 1,500 years ago, the traditional craft of making Xuan paper was inscribed on UNESCO's Representative List of the Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity in 2009.
4581	Ornate chimneys or beautiful brickwork, interesting stair rails, names on house in 1960s cursive script – anywhere that had distinctive, lovely details.
4582	Orsolya said she "is fascinated by Chinese calligraphy, language, characters and philosophy." She has read a lot of books about China, and The Book of Changes, a masterpiece of China classical philosophy, is one of her favorites.
4583	Osmonov Prize, Manas tellers, get acquainted with the work of the digitization department of archive and book collections, an open electronic library, online reading, a presentation of the activities of the School of Volunteering, workshops on Chinese calligraphy and painting, bead weaving, playing national instruments, an exhibition and sale of book publishers.
4584	Other Wetherspoon pubs in the county include The Lord Keeper of the Great Seal in The Parade, Oadby, The Sugar Loaf in High Street, Market Harborough, The Kettleby Cross in Wilton Road, Melton, The William Wygston in Leicester Road, Wigston and The Monkey Walk in Marlborough Square, Coalville.
4585	Other activities at the cultural corner included Chinese calligraphy, Chinese knot, Plum Blossom drawing, tea art and Sichuan Opera Face.
4586	Other activities include a tea demonstration, poetry readings, Chinese calligraphy, and tai chi.
4587	Other buds I’ve tested—like the Sony WF-C500 and the Jabra Elite 3—were instantly comfortable, offered a great seal, and stayed securely in my ears all day.
4588	Other content will include Chinese calligraphy lessons, inside tours of Southside businesses, cooking guides including how to make traditional dumplings and hot pot, lion dances, prize giving and much more.
4589	Other events include Chinese calligraphy, a dumpling demonstration and a Chinese music and opera performance.
4590	Other events included Baby Rabbit, a Han costume show, Chinese calligraphy, Red envelope games and a Ceilidh at the central square.
4591	Other finds included wooden inscription tablets and 6th-century animal and human figurines, including one whose turban and clothing appeared similar to those worn in the ancient Central Asian civilisation of Sogdiana.
4592	Other finds included wooden inscription tablets and 6th-century animal and human figurines, including one whose turban and clothing appeared similar to those worn in the ancient Central Asian civilization of Sogdiana.
4593	Other finds included wooden inscription tablets and sixth-century animal and human figurines, including one whose turban and clothing appeared similar to those worn in the ancient Central Asian civilization of Sogdiana.
4594	Other handy features include a built-in screenshot tool, a screen recorder, a macro button for recording and running scripts, a close all apps button, and a restart button.
4595	Other highlights include a display of birds by Wildlife Reserves Singapore and a Chinese calligraphy booth, the President’s Office said.
4596	Other highlights of the sales include Emperor Qianlong's Chunhua Ge Tie rubbing, two sets of boxes containing five albums each of rare ink-on-paper Chinese calligraphy, estimated to sell for about $1.2 million at the Xu Hanqing sale, which is expected to total some $7 million.
4597	Other highlights will include a large embroidered burse used to protect the silver matrix of Elizabeth I’s Great Seal of England, a gas mask bag owned by HRH Queen Mary during the Second World War, Winston Churchill’s red despatch box, and the Fendi ‘Baguette’ bag worn by and stolen from Sarah Jessica Parker in one of Sex and the City’s most famous scenes.
4598	Other ideas included using the Great Seal of the United States — a design similar to the presidential seal — and putting Mr. Pruitt’s name around the rim in large letters, according to Ronald Slotkin, a career E.P.A.
4599	Other key exhibits include the paintings of Ming Dynasty artist Wen Zhengming (1470-1559) and art master Zhang Daqian (1899-1983).
4600	Other rows of tables accommodated the ancient, yet still popular artform of Chinese calligraphy, taught by Ms. Peifang Liang.
4601	Other tattoos include the word “Khali” in cursive script on the right side of his neck and the phrase “Plains Cree Pride 306” across his upper chest.
4602	Other than that, I was glad to feel how densely packed the brush tip is: it allows me to part my *extremely* coarse brow hairs to ensure that I get down to each and every follicle.
4603	Other themed activities include Chinese calligraphy lessons, face painting, paper lantern workshops, and a Lucky Wishing Wall for guests.
4604	Other trip highlights include a traditional tea ceremony, lunch with a local family in their Hutong home, and a lesson from a Chinese calligraphy master.
4605	Other valuable remnants: stone tablets with trilingual inscriptions in Greek, Sabena, and what was then the local language, Ge’ez.
4606	Others are chisel-shaped or have nylon brush tips that distribute the color.
4607	Others prefer to dance together in the community square, play badminton and table tennis, walk and hike.To keep the brain fast and alert, some do mental arithmetic, walk backwards, learn to play a new instrument, dedicate time to Chinese calligraphy and play Chinese chess or mahjong.
4608	Others such as Xu Zhong played by Wu Gang, Zhao Lidong played by Bao Dazhi, Chen Shuting played by Gao Ye, Li Xiang played by Li Jian, Meng Yu played by Li Yitong, and Meng Dehai, Xu Jiang, Gao Qisheng, Tang Xiaolong, Lao Mo… many characters are vivid and three-dimensional, which are remarkable.
4609	Others were rankled by his communications style, which sometimes veered from the Bank of Canada’s official script.
4610	Others, such as potential problems with undo scripts or running scripted callbacks, only when you are tackling more complex development processes.
4611	Our Constitution begins with a call that transformed subjects into citizens: “We the People.” The founders’ crystalized our mission with a national motto: e pluribus unum, “out of many, one”— and placed it above the eagle holding a cluster of arrows and an olive branch on the Great Seal of the United States.
4612	Our Liberties We Prize and our Rights We Will Maintain — from Iowa’s Great Seal.
4613	Our change is based partly on guidance from AP, which adopted the capitalization as its official style last week, and the National Association of Black Journalists.
4614	Our common problems notwithstanding, the dominant narratives of Bangladesh, Pakistan and India are hostile to each other and suspicious of those who don’t follow the official script.
4615	Our hope is, as our Premier (Datuk Patinggi Tan Sri Abang Johari Tun Openg) had mentioned yesterday, we hope that the four minister posts can still remain for Sarawak,” he told a press conference on the national-level Arab and Chinese calligraphy competition here today.
4616	Our idea was to marry Chinese calligraphy with graphic design, making the key graphic a blend of the East and the West.
4617	Our internal movie critics quickly compile a list of preferences about all and everything, which alters the trajectory of our running script, and keeps our scriptwriters, as they say, crazy busy.
4618	Our machine translation is trained on content in the Gurmukhi script, which is the official script for the Punjabi language in India.
4619	Our motto, E PLURIBUS UNUM – out of many one, became part of the Great Seal created by Charles Thomson in 1782.
4620	Our nation's motto, "E Pluribus Unum," Latin for "Out of Many, One," which is emblazed on the Great Seal of the United States, originates from the concept that out of the union of the original thirteen colonies emerged a new single nation.
4621	Our nation, though, has a faith, a worldview built into our founding, and is inscribed on the Great Seal of the United States: “E pluribus unum.” Or in English, “out of many, one.” This country is designed around a faith that from our diversity, we can find unity.
4622	Our national emblem, that majestic symbol of freedom and liberty that appears on every quarter and dollar bill, crowning the Great Seal of the United States — loves garbage.
4623	Our nation’s founders understood and embraced the concept when they fashioned our Great Seal over 200 years ago with the words, E Pluribus Unum.
4624	Our original hockey team, the Pittsburgh Pirates, were the first sports team to adopt the colors in 1925.The Pittsburgh Steelers adopted the colors at their founding in 1933, with their first uniforms including the City's Great Seal.
4625	Our state’s motto, Salus populi suprema lex esto, a Latin phrase which translates to “Let the welfare of the people be the supreme law,” can be found engraved on the front of the State Capitol, embossed in gold in the center of the Capitol Rotunda, on the Great Seal of Missouri and on our state flag.
4626	Out of the box (and with the great seal made by the ear tips), the Jaybirds have ample volume, solid bass, and good balance — and if you don't like the default sound signature, you can change it using Jaybird's companion app.
4627	Outside of "The Three-Body Problem" project, he enjoyed video games, tea, soccer, car racing, and Chinese calligraphy.
4628	Outside, the attorney general, minister of the Crown, Queen’s Counsel, and keeper of the Great Seal of British Columbia, transformed into “Uncle Dave” with his “monster hands,” chasing the whooping children around a courtyard, lurching like a giant scarecrow zombie until one of the shrieking five-year-old girls took a header into a fountain pool.
4629	Ouyang Xun (AD 557-641) was a renowned calligrapher, politician and scholar of the early Tang Dynasty (AD 618-907).
4630	Over 50,000 small sealable bags were also found on the premises.
4631	Over in Glasgow, meanwhile, the big pantomime at the King’s conjures up the pure joy of a long-delayed family reunion, as a tremendous team led by Elaine C Smith and Johnny Mac present a gorgeous traditional Cinderella, complete with flying white horses that attract shrieks of excitement from the audience, as they carry Cinders’s pumpkin coach off to the ball.
4632	Over the T-shirt, Harley even dons a satin bomber jacket that reads Property of Joker" in cursive script.
4633	Over the T-shirt, Harley even dons a satin bomber jacket that reads Property of Joker” in cursive script.
4634	Over the centuries, new calligraphic styles emerged, including the more cursive scripts known as naskh, muhaqqaq, and thuluth.
4635	Over the next hour, I will learn how the nine basic strokes of pointed pen copperplate are created, how the lines have to be tilted at a precise angle of 55 degrees, how “thin up, thick down” is the standard rule of calligraphy—the writer puts very gentle pressure on the nib or pen while making an upward stroke and applies greater pressure while creating the thicker, downward stroke.
4636	Over the past 3000 years, six script styles have been formed in Chinese calligraphy.
4637	Over the past 3000 years, six script stylesopens a new window have been formed in Chinese calligraphy.
4638	Over the past few days, the community has been buzzing about the latest pitch from Tony Allevato and Dave Abrahams to adopt an official style guide and formatting tool for the Swift language.
4639	Over the past year, she said there's been an uptick in visitation to not only Great Seal but parks across the state.
4640	Over the past years, scientists have uncovered relics – clay, metal, or stone tablets – with inscriptions that are as old as 2,700 years old.
4641	Over the two days, over 100 students and people from all walks of life participated in the cultural experience subjects at Kabul University, such as traditional Chinese calligraphy and paper cutting.
4642	Over the weeked, Teigen shared a picture of herself and her musician husband holding hands, revealing the new tattoo on her wrist which featured Jack’s name written in cursive script.
4643	Over the year, McBee and other organizations improved trail development and documented over 200 miles of paths in Ross County including sites like the Great Seal and Ross County parks.
4644	Over the years, political parties have tried to woo tribal votes — the most recent being BJP in the lead up to the 2018 Assembly elections — with the promise of reviving of Kokborok but the language still has no official script.
4645	Overall, they lack in bass (unless you get a tight seal) and the treble can sound a bit muted if you don't have a great seal.
4646	O’Brien ended up being good at it, she said, but insofar as fetching coffee, getting sandwiches and running scripts.
4647	PIP method & official script method is same on both Ubuntu & CentOS/RHEL.
4648	PRO TIP: Change up the pressure on the brush tip to achieve a thin or thick line Waterproof Product is waterproof.
4649	PROS: By far Elana’s favorite product of the bunch, this eyeliner features a super-fine brush tip that makes drawing on the perfect wing a breeze.
4650	PROS: Cat-eye lover Elana named this product as one of her personal favorites from the launch thanks to its jet-black, matte finish and calligraphy-inspired brush tip, which makes drawing thin or thick lines simple.
4651	PUPILS taking part in the Tendring Junior Wardens’ scheme were visited by Essex County Council's chairman during a workshop about Chinese calligraphy.
4652	PUTRAJAYA, June 27 — Finance Minister Lim Guan Eng defended today a pair of red-and-black Chinese calligraphy couplets in his office, telling critics these were standard festive greetings.
4653	Pacino, who Morrone called “a very established actor” has been running scripts with her, so perhaps there is hope for her acting career after all.
4654	Packaging is important, of course, and the Yeo sisters came up with the idea of Chinese calligraphy to further fit the jubilant occasion.
4655	Paint the rest of the wall with long, vertical strokes in a ‘W’ motion, keeping an eye out for drips as you go.
4656	Paint/erase with the same brush: Use the (~) key to toggle between painting and erasing with the same brush tip.
4657	Paint/erase with the same brush: Use the ~ key to toggle between painting and erasing with the same brush tip.
4658	Paper work, authorization using "hanko" name seals and face-to-face talks will basically be abolished.
4659	Parents describe the range of activities they can choose from: sensory classes for babies, baby swimming classes, taekwondo, Chinese calligraphy, English tutoring or drawing.
4660	Paris gallery Almine Rech, which represented the artist at his death, has described these paintings as standing “at the confluence of lyrical abstraction, Pop art and Chinese calligraphy.
4661	Paris’ name, in a cursive script, is shaved into the side of his head.
4662	Paris’ official script is that France is not against trade deals per se.
4663	Parkinson’s tweets show several takes on the Great Seal of the United States — a stylized eagle clutching an olive branch in one talon and several arrows in the other.
4664	Parranto has various tattoos, including ‘Lafleur’ on her neck and Chinese calligraphy on her arm.
4665	Parscale has used almost all the elements of the Great Seal but he has taken the shield from the presidential seal.
4666	Part of the Wu Tang Chess Boxing Collection, Seven Commandments stars Li Yi Min as the protege of Chang Yi, who teaches him the seven commandments of combat.
4667	Participants can also join events like writing Chinese calligraphy, making greeting cards, donning retro-style outfits, tasting New Year dishes, and so on.
4668	Participants could have a sip of green tea, learn how to do paper cutting, appreciate Chinese calligraphy and have snacks from China's Fujian Province.
4669	Past events include hosting lectures on Chinese culture and demonstrating the art of Chinese calligraphy.
4670	Patrick Centre on Thorp Street as they will be offering free workshops for children throughout the day from 11.30am to 4.00pm with Chinese calligraphy, lantern or mask making and more.
4671	Paul Goldberger, a Pulitzer-prize winning architect said the government "mandating of an official style is not fully compatible with 21st-century liberal democracy".
4672	Paulson thought Barney Frank was smart and Chris Dodd was “more of a challenge.” He thought Sheila Bair was reckless, saying things off-the-cuff that deviated from the official script, like insisting that Citigroup wasn’t systemically important.
4673	Paul’s Chapel in Lower Manhattan, Carrier held the first celebration for the national bird where the original painting of the Great Seal of the US was hung over George Washington’s pew.
4674	Payette swore the oaths of allegiance of the Governor General and commander-in-chief of Canada and of the Keeper of the Great Seal of Canada.
4675	Payette swore the oaths of allegiance of the Governor General and commander-in-chief of Canada, and of the Keeper of the Great Seal of Canada.
4676	Peacekeepers of other nationalities are invited over to learn Chinese calligraphy and paste duilian, the traditional hand-written Chinese couplets, at the door.
4677	Peel the egg and place in a small sealable container (halve the egg, if desired).
4678	Peel with a vegetable peeler or paring knife in downward strokes.
4679	Peerages are created by letters patent: a legal document issued by the Sovereign and adorned with the Great Seal.
4680	Penguang tries his hand at Chinese calligraphy to launch the event.
4681	Penn-Trafford senior Livvy Haberberger was running script lines with some friends for the spring musical, when she found out just how popular "Grease" is.
4682	People can learn things like Chinese calligraphy, jewelry-making, and lantern painting.
4683	People in the Otakou area were being asked to keep an eye out and check their sections for small seals or sea lions in case the pup was trapped or stuck somewhere.
4684	People learned Chinese calligraphy at tables set up near the stage, and sampled traditional tea.
4685	People often interpret this story to mean that Franklin wanted to replace the eagle on the Great Seal of the United States with a turkey.
4686	People outside the Valley use the Devanagari script with modifications while those in the Valley use Persian Nastaliq with various changes, which has now become the official script.
4687	People pose in front of the Virginia Great Seal ahead of the inauguration ceremony, Saturday, Jan.
4688	People take part in the Chinese calligraphy competition organized by the Confucius Institute of the University of Buenos Aires, at the University Language Center, as part of the celebration of the 10th anniversary of Confucius Institutes in the city of Buenos Aires, capital of Argentina, on Sept.
4689	People walk past a satirical drawing of the Great Seal of the United States after new anti-U.S. murals on the walls of former U.S. embassy unveiled in a ceremony in Tehran, Iran, Saturday, Nov.
4690	People watch Chinese calligraphy demonstration during an opening ceremony of Yaji Cultural Salon "Tea for Harmony" at China Cultural Center in Brussels, Belgium, on May 4, 2023.
4691	People who choose this font for their invitations "don't like the fuss of a formal script, but still want to set the tone for a formal event," Roth says.
4692	People who support this theory usually say that if you draw a six pointed “Star of David” over the Great Seal using the triangle around the “Eye of Providence” as the top point of the star, the remaining five points of the star will point to the letters A, S, N, O, M.
4693	People write Chinese calligraphy during an event celebrating the upcoming UN Chinese Language Day in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, on April 19, 2023.
4694	People write Chinese calligraphy during the "Meet China" event in Bern, Switzerland, Sept.
4695	People write auspicious words in Chinese calligraphy as New Year blessings at a shopping festival in Pingyao Town of Yuhang District in Hangzhou City, east China's Zhejiang Province, Jan.
4696	Per a report by Kent Duke at Android Police , while scrubbing the Gerritt, he found evidence that a touchscreen will be available on upcoming Chromebooks, suggesting a convertible tablet configuration.
4697	Perfect for Pride events, parties, and festivals – whether virtual or in-person – the BodyMark by BIC Pride Pack brings to life the colors of the rainbow with six brush tip temporary tattoo markers, including red, orange, yellow, green, blue and purple, plus one bonus black fine tip marker for detailing.
4698	Performances such as of Peking opera and Chinese classic dances and drum dances as well as the exhibition of photos, paintings, Chinese calligraphy, and handicraft works were among the highlights of the festival that attracted a large audience from across Auckland.
4699	Performances, traditional costumes, Chinese calligraphy, painting and much more will be at the West Jordan Library on Saturday from 2 p.m. to 6 p.m. It'll be a great time for people of all ages!
4700	Perhaps because the names were written in seal script, an archaic form of Chinese calligraphy that looks quite different from today’s characters.
4701	Perhaps most importantly, money was outlaid for “the engraving and making of the queen’s grace’s great seal”, a sign that Anne took her duties seriously.
4702	Perhaps most revealing of all are the inscriptions on the tablet, which weave together mythology, poetry and history, referencing gods, a mythical water serpent and several ancient rulers.
4703	Perhaps that’s fitting: on the day the Brewers Association introduced “Juice or Hazy” as an official style of beer, a place known for its classic West Coast double IPA, Pliny the Elder, makes it through.
4704	Perhaps the most obvious is his collarbone ink that reads: "Strength & Honour" in cursive script, but he also boasts one of a world map, one of a map of Australia.
4705	Persian was the official script in India in the pre-British period.
4706	Personal : Everyday productivity tasks including running scripts, editing files in my home directory, etc.
4707	Pet cremation jewelry looks much like any other piece of jewelry, but it includes a small sealable chamber where a small portion of cremains can be kept.
4708	Pete Robinson and other legislative leaders in the General Assembly offered a bill to give the Springer the same status as other state symbols like the Brown Thrasher, the Cherokee Rose, the Azalea, the Great Seal and "Georgia On My Mind." House Bill 1151 passed both houses and was signed into law by Governor Zell Miller in 1992.
4709	Peter Dow Bachelder wrote about Old Orchard’s past in the 1998 book, “The Great Seal Pier: An Illustrated History of the Old Orchard Beach Pier,” where vacationing couples danced to the music of Glenn Miller and Tommy Dorsey.
4710	Petitions were presented to Elizabeth and she generously granted them a patent under the Great Seal of England to colonise nine million acres (36,000 km2) in Florida on the banks of the ‘River Norumbega’.
4711	Phags-pa script is the official script for the written languages of the Yuan Dynasty (1279-1368), which have fallen out of use.
4712	Pharmacies were sold out of surgical masks and rubbing alcohol, and supplies of vitamin C tablets were dwindling.
4713	Pharmafia and its faucist lemmings have jumped on an imaginary flying white horse and are pointing fingers at all dissatisfied costumers and skeptics from some imaginary moral heights they fly in their empathy-deficient heads.
4714	Phase I and Phase II can be compared to the different styles of Chinese calligraphy.
4715	Phillips was serious about breaking the links between “Joker” and the DCEU, since the official script begins with a note from him and Silvers that clarifies that “Joker” is a separate narrative.
4716	Photo: The Canadian Press Kelvin Goertzen, Minister of Justice and Attorney-General, Keeper of the Great Seal of the Province of Manitoba and Minister Responsible for Manitoba Public Insurance is sworn in at the Manitoba Legislative Building in Winnipeg on Jan.
4717	Photo: The Great Seal of New York State, courtesy Benson J.
4718	Photos of the watch from police show the Great Seal of the United States engraved on the front.
4719	Photos on the website show Yang presenting Duterte with two birthday gifts: a work of Chinese calligraphy and a traditional Chinese painting.
4720	Physician members specialize in the areas of orthopedics, general surgery, interventional pain management and sports medicine.“The landscape of healthcare is evolving, and as an orthopedic surgeon I chose to rise to the occasion instead of being left behind,” says Great Seal Medical Group physician Dr. Brian Cohen.
4721	Phythian denied having any sexual contact with the victim, who was able to describe a Chinese calligraphy tattoo the actress has near her private parts.
4722	Picking an outsider looks wise since, whatever the official script says, tribal loyalties always take longer than three years to fade.
4723	Pictured above to the left is the “reverse” of the “Great Seal of the United States“.
4724	Pictured in the selvage surrounding the stamp is the U.S. Capitol, the White House, the Great Seal of the United States, crossed flags, an American bald eagle, and fireworks.
4725	Pieces of Ithaka’s letterform anatomy that were just picked up, copied, and rotated from one character to another, such as straight vertical and horizontal strokes, are almost hairline thin in Timeface, and serifs are wide, in proportion to the amount of tinkering needed to perfect them, and so forth.
4726	Pieces of original art recall the intriguing heritage and culture of Changsha, such as abstract paintings in shades of copper and royal blue that evoke the bold brush strokes of Chinese calligraphy from the 1,000-year-old Yuelu Academy, one of China’s most prestigious institutions of higher learning.
4727	Pieces of well-written plaques spread unique values and artistic connotations in a limited space, which greatly enriches the treasure house of Chinese calligraphy art.
4728	Pieces were read aloud at early meetings from handwritten drafts with many edits and cross outs, neat cursive scripts in ink and biro, and poorly typed copies produced on manual typewriters.
4729	Pierre suggested that motto be included in the Great Seal.
4730	Ping was schooled at Guangzhou Academy of fine arts and has adapted traditional Chinese calligraphy methods to create abstract paintings, morphing reality and revelling in ancient mythology.
4731	Place chocolate chips in a small sealable plastic bag and seal bag.
4732	Place flat end on cutting board and use a sharp knife to cut the skin away in downward strokes.
4733	Place in a small sealed container and let sit for half an hour.
4734	Place the bat in a small sealable container and refrigerate (do not freeze).
4735	Place the fennel seeds and black peppercorns into a small sealable plastic bag, then use a mallet or rolling pin to hammer the seeds until they are coarsely ground.
4736	Placed inside are glass cabinets, ink slabs, phonographs, and magnetic tapes, among others, which chronicle stories of the bygone era.
4737	Players also learned tea culture, paper cutting and Chinese calligraphy from primary school pupils in Bishan.
4738	Playing Chinese chess and table tennis or learning Chinese calligraphy were also part of the programs available on the fair.
4739	Please, please cursive script…be sure you are being taught.
4740	Plenty of evolution and refinement has taken place, but the confidence to stick to that cursive script logo helped shape it into one of the world's most famous logos.
4741	Pluribus Unum" became America's de facto motto when it first appeared on the Great Seal, which was approved by congress in 1782.
4742	Plus brush tip will not fray.
4743	Plus, glucosamine tablets can prevent bones from rubbing on each other which can cause pain and inflammation.
4744	Plus, on Saturdays and Sundays, Yenbo Huang will demonstrate the delicate art of Chinese calligraphy and make you a lucky Chinese character, and, on January 22, there will be a traditional lion dance.
4745	Plus, the Multi-Peptide Lash and Brow Serum’s brush tip is made with pretty dense bristles to ensure you’re getting in between every last brow hair.
4746	Plus, there is no greater seal of approval than Queen Elizabeth II, who stayed there with Prince Philip in 1991 and was so delighted with the extraordinary service she received that she sent the hotel a portrait and a thank you letter, which is today framed on display in the lobby.
4747	Plus, there's an additional brush tip included that's ideal for picking up unwanted pet hair and cleaning carpets with ease.
4748	Plus, whoever picks the nominees tends to lean further against the grain than someone trying to shave their face in horizontal strokes.
4749	Poems in Chinese calligraphy on the walls of the barracks today provide a glimpse at what it was like to be detained on Angel Island.
4750	Point the rod tip at the water and reel in short, fast bursts and the lure kicks back and forth quickly and erratically, an action known as “chopping.” Reel slowly, imparting gentle downward strokes of the rod tip, and the lure should softly glide to and fro.
4751	Pointing out this was her first time writing Chinese calligraphy, Sabariah said she learned the art during the lesson conducted at the event.
4752	Pointing to his signature in Chinese calligraphy — a group of three tree branches that means "I am forest" — he explained that the name was given to him by Ma, not only because its pronunciation was reminiscent of "Nelson," but Ma he saw Nelson as a deep person in the same way a forest was deep.
4753	Police were called to Portobello Rd, near Proctors Rd in The Cove, just after 8:00 am after a small seal was seen crossing the road.
4754	Police were called to Portobello Rd, near Proctors Rd in The Cove, just after 8am on Thursday, after a small seal was seen crossing the road.
4755	Pop on some gloves, dip the tablet in warm water and get scrubbing.
4756	Posing on celebrity tattoo artist Winterstone's Instagram, Miley showcased her new inking which read "Freedom" in cursive script.
4757	Posting on Chinese social media site Weibo, the superstar shared a video of himself and the birthday girl practicing Chinese calligraphy.
4758	Postponed for over a year due to COVID-19, the Huntington Library, Art Museum and Botanical Gardens in Los Angeles County marked the completion of its Chinese garden on Saturday with the opening of an exhibition of contemporary Chinese calligraphy.
4759	Pour a small amount of gentle shampoo or Dawn dish soap into the palm of your hand and gently swirl the brush tips around your hand.
4760	Pour the contents into a small sealable container and refrigerate it overnight.
4761	Practice your cursive script, or print addresses on the envelopes.
4762	Practicing Chinese calligraphy is a family tradition and naturally she uses it as a body and mind exercise before she paints.
4763	Prescribed medications should be disposed of in their original bottle, or placed inside a small sealed container or baggie, with all personal information removed or crossed out with a permanent marker, before being dropped off at a take-back location.
4764	Presented by the Chinese Manufacturers' Association and the Overseas Chinese Chamber of Commerce of Hong Kong, the show features 103 engraved stone tablets with calligraphy inscriptions of the full text of the Basic Law.
4765	Presenter Russell Baldner holds BA and MA degrees in history, performed graduate study in German and archaeology, and specializes in Lutheran and ethnic German history, historical documents, German cursive script, genealogy, and Native American archaeology.
4766	Presenters shared their workflows, production anecdotes and ZBrush tips and tricks.
4767	Presently, Devanagari is the official script for writing Marathi, and the Modi script is considered outdated.
4768	President Donald Trump should take a good look at the great seal of the United States.
4769	President Halimah Yacob wrote the words "one heart" in Mandarin as she tried her hand at Chinese calligraphy.
4770	President of the China Academy of Art, Gao Shiming said, "How do we revitalize the unique intellectual genealogy of Chinese calligraphy in the spirit of cosmopolitan sharing?
4771	Presidential addresses would be delivered from behind a White House lectern featuring a turkey on the Great Seal of the United States - although given the history of some Oval Office occupants, that might not seem entirely inappropriate.
4772	Presidents and prime ministers have official scriptwriters who craft messages in a manner and style that befits the preference, personality and aspirations of the leader concerned.
4773	Presiding over everything was California appellate court judge Manuel Ramirez, who sat underneath a large replica of the Great Seal of California.
4774	Press Officers have announced that, prior to visiting the Queen on Wednesday to hand over the Great Seal of Office, Theresa May will take to the roof of Downing Street for one final performance of her greatest hits.
4775	Press with your thumb for 30 seconds in a clockwise direction before using the thumb in long, downward strokes.
4776	Prevent small seals from entering the sea : Stand between a pup and the sea and, if necessary, use a board or similar object to restrain it.
4777	Prevent small seals from entering the sea: Stand between a pup and the sea and, if necessary, use a board or similar object to restrain it.
4778	Previously installed plugins, scripts, brush tips, color palettes, gradients, patterns, textures, and effects will instantly be available in the new version.
4779	Previously, the actor-turned-director has braced fans for his upcoming projects by using an intense poster of Mohanlal, but this time around, he happened to have shared a glimpse of what appears to be the official script of the upcoming film.
4780	Previously, the longest running scripted TV show was “Gunsmoke,” at 20 years.
4781	Previously, the longest running scripted TV show was “Gunsmoke,” at 20 years.
4782	Prime Minister Justin Trudeau stood by as Payette read the oaths of allegiance of the Governor General and commander-in-chief of Canada, and of the Keeper of the Great Seal of Canada.
4783	Prince Andrew’s military titles and royal patronage have been returned to the queen, and she will cease to use her Royal Highness in the official style, it has been reported.
4784	Prince Edward and Sophie, the Countess of Wessex also chose to opt out of an official style for their children Lady Louise and James, Viscount Severn as the pair admitted they wanted them to avoid media attention during their childhood.
4785	Printed in a clean typeface on creamy, thick, rough-edged paper.
4786	Printing, for example, is often a combination of printed and cursive script.
4787	Pro Tip features a brush tip as opposed to a felt tip, so it's a little more flexible when it comes to drawing lines, which, as a winged liner newbie, I find to be quite helpful.
4788	Pro Tip’s flexible brush tip hugs the curve of the lash line for a smooth application that stays on for up to 12 hours, while Lash Slick’s teeny-tiny fibers give a “baby extension” look in one swipe.
4789	Problem: the brush tip sizes I select to add or take out from the image never add or take out corresponding area.
4790	Processing of ivory products for export to China takes place on a commercial scale (primarily bangles and name seals) using courier services or individual carriers.The Elephant Trade Information System to COP17 report identified corruption among port officials as one of the reasons why Nigeria is such an attractive destination for smugglers of wildlife.
4791	Products on sale at the store include washing up liquid, compostable bin bags, soap on a rope, dishwasher tablets, scrubbing brushes, toothpaste and more.
4792	Professor Anne Twomey, constitutional law expert at the University of Sydney, told AAP FactCheck that the Electoral Act does not require election writs to be authorised by the Great Seal.
4793	Progressive countries around the world adorn their coat of arms or great seals with values like social justice.
4794	Proponents as luminous as Benjamin Franklin once advocated for the turkey to be the symbol on the Great Seal of The United States.
4795	Proud of my handiwork and enthused by the new people I had met, I moved on to admiring the captivating art of Chinese calligraphy.
4796	Prove once and for all that stocking stuffers trump other gifts with Dr. Smiles Pop & Prime dental whitening pen, created by renowned NYC Orthodontist Dr. Jacquie Smiles, this proprietary formula & brush tip whitening pen can be use as often as needed to deliver a brighter, whiter holiday smile.
4797	Providing a flat, smooth surface for even coverage, apply to your mitt and start at your ankles and work your way up to your neck using long, vertical strokes.
4798	Providing designers with a connected process that works with the rest of their Creative Cloud tools, it provides essential drawing tools in digital form: a graphite pencil, an ink pen, two blending markers, brush tip, chisel tip, and an eraser.
4799	Proya's brand ambassadors Li Yifeng and Tang Yan, Proya's friend of the brand Liu Yinglun, Uzero's brand ambassador Barbie Hsu and a star-studded lineup of Chinese celebrities, among them, Harlem Yu, Jane Zhang, Yu Quan, Hua Shao, MoMo Wu, Fu Disheng, Lil Em and Zhou Shen, were present at the celebration.
4800	Pu Qiwei, a Putuo resident, performed Chinese calligraphy, wishing a long-lasting friendship between the two countries.
4801	Published together with this group of photos is a sentence from the “Orchid Pavilion Collection” written by Wang Xizhi, a famous calligrapher in the Eastern Jin Dynasty: Look up at the greatness of the universe and look down at the abundance of categories, so it is enough to see and hear it.
4802	Pujara, in particular, had quite a few swipes across the line and top-edged at least a couple of hook strokes.
4803	Pulling off double-masking is comparatively simple, however a key side of that is tying knots within the disposable masks’s earloops (layer one) and tucking within the folds on the aspect to realize a greater seal.
4804	Put a cleaning glove on and wet the tablet and start scrubbing with it.
4805	Put it in small sealed bags or containers to freeze, thus preserving the colour and flavour.
4806	Put the basil, oil, lemon juice and honey into a small sealable container.
4807	Put the peppercorns in a small sealable food storage bag.
4808	Put the pineapple on a board, hold it by the plume, having first snipped off the spiky points, and slice off the rind in downward strokes.
4809	Pyrographer Zhang Donghai creates his works on a piece of Xuan paper in Yuci district, Jinzhong city, north China’s Shanxi Province.
4810	Pyrographer Zhang Donghai displays his designs created on a piece of Xuan paper in Yuci district, Jinzhong city, north China’s Shanxi Province.
4811	Q. David Bowers has called Robert Aitken’s design “one of the most elegant ever produced for any state of the Union,” with inspiration from the Great Seal of California.
4812	Qatar wants the 2022 World Cup mascot of a flying white headdress to symbolise football's showcase tournament, just as the noisy vuvuzela horn did when South Africa hosted it in 2010.
4813	Qatar wants the 2022 World Cup mascot of a flying white headdress to symbolise football’s showcase tournament, just as the noisy vuvuzela horn did when South Africa hosted it in 2010.
4814	Qatar wants the 2022 World Cup mascot of a flying white headdress to symbolize football's showcase tournament, just as the noisy vuvuzela horn did when South Africa hosted it in 2010.
4815	Qin Baoqiang presided over and delivered a speech, Huang Feng delivered a speech, Jia Hongyu, Li Sijie, Wang Kejun and others attended.
4816	Qin Shi Huang and Li Si also undertook a series of mammoth construction projects, including setting hundreds of thousands of men to work building the great defensive wall that incorporated older walls.
4817	Qindong Fang, a student of Chinese ethnicity, said it awed him that some of his fellow American students could actually copy Chinese calligraphy, and Museum staff members of different ethnicities could even read what they copied.
4818	Queen Elizabeth II signed the Instrument of Consent, pictured, her formal notice of approval for the wedding in elaborate calligraphic script issued under the Great Seal of the Realm.
4819	Quick tips for healthy gums - Brush your teeth with a small soft-bristled toothbrush with gentle round strokes, and focus on the gum line at least twice a day.
4820	Quick: What's the 8th longest running scripted series on network television right now?
4821	Quickly rotate the brush tip by using the left and right arrow keys when a brush tool is active.
4822	Quickly rotate the brush tip: Use the left and right arrow keys when a brush tool is active.
4823	Qwynn had some great seals down low and led to some good looks.
4824	REPORT CUSTOMIZATION: Although, Market Research Port has tried its very best to cover every minor and major detail in the research report on Four Treasures of the Study market, we still believe that every business investor or an industry user may have their own specific requirements.
4825	REUTERS/Tyrone Siu/File Photo FILE PHOTO: An anti-government protester holds a flag with Chinese calligraphy that reads "Liberate Hong Kong, the Revolution of Our Times", during a protest at Mong Kok in Hong Kong, China, May 10, 2020.
4826	RSPCA Animal Collection Officer Leanne Honess-Heather said: “We had been told that it was a small seal pup with green plastic caught round its neck, so just two of us attended the scene initially.
4827	RSPCA animal collection officer Leanne Honess-Heather said: “We had been told that it was a small seal pup with green plastic caught round its neck, so just two of us attended the scene initially.
4828	Rafidah stressed that khat is not jawi, a language or a subject but rather is calligraphy like the Chinese calligraphy.
4829	Ramos, his brother Richard and a large group of friends were having a World Series Game 6 watch party on Tuesday night just a block outside the Minute Maid Park Crawford Boxes, when they heard a groan inside the ballpark and then saw a flying white object come hurtling through the air and bounce off an awning outside the stadium.
4830	Ran obtained inspiration from the ancient seal script style in the history of Chinese fonts and created a unique logo symbol for Meow by presenting the 3D effect of a lantern.
4831	Ranging from new possible power-ups only spotted in the overseas showcase, or some seemingly obvious omissions from the official script, you’ll want to head below for all the details.
4832	Ranging from the Chinese New Year, dragon and lion dance, to Beijing opera, Chinese calligraphy, etc, China is inheriting and promoting those excellent traditional cultures, and adhering to core socialist values, promoting the spirit of patriotism, collectivism and heroism.
4833	Rather than a typical tattoo parlor, the room resembled a tiny school library filled with hundreds of books on everything from paintings to Chinese calligraphy.
4834	Rather than assess the asylum claims of people arriving by boat or rescuing them at sea, the Australian navy intercepts asylum seekers, towing them back or putting them into small sealed pods and sending them off in the direction of Indonesia.
4835	Rather than black calligraphy, the cursive scripts appeared in white in reference to spirits, the sound recalling wolves howling or ghosts wailing.
4836	Rather than spend hours scrubbing it, she decided to use a dishwasher tablet to lift the grime - and was amazed with the results.
4837	Rather than text, the pages are full of small vertical strokes, ancient morphemes with some mysterious meaning.
4838	Rather than writing on the lines, however, Snyder used horizontal strokes of paint as annotations, or perhaps diary entries, that appeared to chronicle the progression of color through the season.
4839	Reaching inside his robe for the key he wore round his neck on a slender gold chain, he rose and went to a domed casket in a corner of the chamber.
4840	Read on for 7 looks that serve as solid proof for why we think Zendaya is the official style icon of 2021.
4841	Reader's saving tip JEAN MARTIN, from South Shields, Tyne and Wear, says: “You can remove black marks on your iron by rubbing them with a paracetamol tablet – it comes straight off and cheaper than buying iron cleaner.” Send your tips to sunsavers.co.uk/tips and you’ll get 28 codes worth £5 if your tip is used.
4842	Reading "Now know ye", the hand-written Instrument of Consent carries the Queen's signature, "Elizabeth R" and is sealed with the Great Seal of the Realm which is attached to the foot of the document by woven cords.
4843	Reading about life at the time in his impeccable cursive script, Maynard is more than a documentarian and it is impossible to not find the notation both riveting, and often lighthearted.
4844	Reading “Now know ye”, the hand-written Instrument of Consent carries the Queen’s signature, “Elizabeth R” and is sealed with the Great Seal of the Realm which is attached to the foot of the document by woven cords.
4845	Reality show, MTV Roadies has onboarded Spykar Lifestyles as their official style partner for the 17th season.
4846	Reason is, as Plato once said, a soft, slender gold cord, flexibly pulled by the draw of truth and understanding.
4847	Reasonable Doubt is their first official scripted series.
4848	Recent excavations unearthed a badge that created excitement: it bore a motif used in the United States, the Great Seal with the words ‘E Pluribus Unum’ (Out of many, one).
4849	Recently a small seal was found completely wrapped in a large trawler net, covering his whole body, head to toe.
4850	Recently announced by the company, the Oral-B iO shares some characteristics of other models of the same category of the company, adopting a round brush tip that offers micro-vibrations and has an integrated pressure sensor, which alerts the user if the applied force on teeth and gums are above recommended.
4851	Recently in Jinze, Erh gave a lecture on Zhao Mengfu (1254-1322), a famed calligrapher, painter and poet in the late Song and early Yuan dynasties.
4852	Recently, a folded lead tablet containing an early Hebrew inscription was discovered on Mount Ebal near Nablus during an excavation in the 1980s.
4853	Recently, for example, PBS aired, as part of its "American Experience" series, a Ric Burns/Li-Shun Yu documentary on the 1882 Chinese Exclusion Act.
4854	Recently, for example, PBS aired, as part of its “American Experience” series, a Ric Burns/Li-Shun Yu documentary on the 1882 Chinese Exclusion Act.
4855	Recently, there has been another discovery of tablets with Tamil inscriptions in one of the city’s oldest temple, Madivala’s Sri Someshwara temple.
4856	Rechargeable batteries (including nickel cadmium, nickel metal hydride, small sealed lead acid and lithium ion batteries) can be recycled at participating retail collection points, which can be found at stores including Ikea, Walmart, Staples and Radio Shack.
4857	Rechargeable batteries like Nickel Cadmium, Nickel Metal Hydride, Lithium Ion, Nickel Zinc and Small Sealed Lead Acid weighing up to 11 pounds.
4858	Rechargeable batteries — nickel metal hydride and nickel cadmium batteries, lithium-ion and small sealed lead acid batteries — must be recycled according to federal guidelines.
4859	Red Sweater Software has issued FastScripts 3, a major update to the macOS scripting utility with improved script execution, search functionality for your script library, and tracking the progress of running scripts.
4860	Red envelopes are often decorated beautifully with Chinese calligraphy and symbols.
4861	Red flags included (but were not limited to): the shoddy television studio that we were told was lent to us by an Egyptian Christian media group, payments issued by personal checks and $20 bills straight from the producer’s wallet (he introduced himself under the pseudonym,”Sam”, though the name on the check was much different), and, ultimately, the absence of an official script.
4862	Red, White and Blue: The colors of freedom explained according to the Great Seal of 1782.
4863	Reduce the brush tip’s Opacity to 46% and spray over the whites of the eye to lighten them in a more subtle way.
4864	Reed got the inscription idea from writing on ancient tablets found in the Middle East that reveal what life was like then.
4865	Referring to the Great Seal of the United States – which features a bald eagle with 13 arrows in one talon and 13 olives in the other – Putin joked that the U.S. seemed to only have arrows left.
4866	Regardless which tool you end up choosing, we'll leave you with three pro hot brush tips: Wait until your hair is 60% to 80% dry before applying any kind of heat, always use a heat protectant product to avoid damage, and section off your hair with clips so you can dry and style even more efficiently.
4867	Regional Outlook of Four Treasures of the Study Market report includes the following geographic areas such as: North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and ROW.
4868	Regular content paper has much longer and much more coarse materials that are literally tearing aside every single stroke to your brush tips that you will be making.
4869	Remember that you’ll need to leave about 1/4 to 1/2inch of hair to glue and wrap together (figure 2), so if you want a 1-inch-long brush tip, cut the hair to 1 1/2 inch.
4870	Remember that you’ll need to leave about ¼ to ½ inch of hair to glue and wrap together, so if you want a 1-inch-long brush tip, cut the hair to 1½ inches.
4871	Reminders of this Christian heritage are everywhere, including in the heraldry of the territorial government’s coat of arms and great seal.
4872	Remove any food from the shelves before you start and dip a tablet in warm water, place into a lemon with the flat side showing and get to work scrubbing.
4873	Removing heavy snow is easy with four rows of durable brush tips to get the job done.
4874	Renowned calligrapher Wang Xizhi, known as the Sage of Calligraphy in China, lived during the Jin Dynasty (303–361 A.D.) and had seven children, among whom his youngest son, Wang Xianzhi, (344–386) was also a distinguished calligrapher.
4875	Repeat the vertical strokes on each glass pane until they are all clean.
4876	Request a sample of this report @ https://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/4588435 This report on Global Four Treasures of the Study Market is also based on a meticulously structured methodology.
4877	Research reveals Mi Fu, a Chinese painter, poet and calligrapher of the Song Dynasty, copied the “Mid-autumn Manuscript.” The calligraphic work features many scholars’ inscriptions, including the Ming Dynasty’s (1368-1644) Dong Qichang and an Emperor Qianlong painting.
4878	Researchers are analyzing the 30 tablets using reflectance transformation imaging, a technique that enables even the smallest inscriptions on lead to be read and has been used to uncover text on other ancient Greek tablets in the past.
4879	Researchers developed the cellulose-based film after studying the microscopic structure of traditional Chinese calligraphy paper — known as Xuan paper — which is also highly flexible and tough.
4880	Researchers from the Israel Antiquities Authority discovered the inscription on a small stone tablet on the Pilgrimage Road in the City of David.
4881	Researchers from the Shanghai Institute of Ceramics of the CAS developed a new kind of highly flexible Xuan paper with excellent fire resistance, long durability, high whiteness and excellent anti-mildew qualities benefiting from its totally inorganic origin, which is far superior over traditional Xuan paper.
4882	Researchers in Europe demonstrated that any tech-savvy person can obtain treasure troves of data from WhatsApp groups by using nothing more than an old Samsung smartphone running scripts and off-the-shelf applications.
4883	Researchers in Taiwan showed how Chinese calligraphy therapy sessions help the brain work better, relieve depression and combat schizophrenia.
4884	Researchers in the United Kingdom have found that an ancient Greek inscription on a 2,000-year-old marble tablet is actually something resembling a yearbook for a graduating class, according to a new translation.
4885	Restaurants and shops alike are studded with swaying red lanterns and ornate red banners embellished with golden Chinese calligraphy wishing passers-by prosperity and good fortune for the new year ahead.
4886	Restricted: Disallows running scripts.
4887	Revealing the news on Instagram, Lindsay shared a photo of a plain white babygro, emblazoned with the words “coming soon” in a cursive script.
4888	Revered as the “sage of calligraphy,” Wang is best known for his highly artistic cursive and running scripts.
4889	Reverses featured the Great Seal of the United States.
4890	Reza Chaji, co-founder and chief executive officer of VueReal, then shows a visitor an even smaller sample display depicting his company's name in cursive script.
4891	Rich palette often employs soft colors of orange-green, purple-brown, blue-pink etc., the diagonal shifts always regain balance thanks to the horizontal and vertical strokes, spatial depth comes out as the focus from the shading at midframe.
4892	Rihanna has been wearing it for years, and it played a starring role in Lady Gaga and Ariana Grande's spring music video "Rain On Me ." No matter which one catches your eye, a couple factors are key: Pigmentation (which separates the bold from the watery) precision (how fine or thick you like the felt or brush tip to be), and finish (matte or satin).
4893	Rihanna has been wearing it for years, and it played a starring role in Lady Gaga and Ariana Grande's spring music video "Rain On Me." No matter which one catches your eye, a couple factors are key: Pigmentation (which separates the bold from the watery) precision (how fine or thick you like the felt or brush tip to be), and finish (matte or satin).
4894	Rimes announced her ink, cursive script on her forearm reading "god's work," in a post on Instagram in June.
4895	Rimes announced her new ink, cursive script on her forearm reading “god’s work,” Friday in a post on Instagram.
4896	Rinse the brush tip under running water once again.
4897	Rinse the brush tips under running water.
4898	Rita's most recent addition sits above a cursive script tattoo, which reads, "Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none" - a pretty good mantra to live by, IMO.
4899	Rob Schaaf on Monday sarcastically referred to Greitens as "the Great Seal of Missouri," saying Greitens didn't deserve the title "governor." It's a play on the name of the state seal and the governor's former job as a Navy SEAL officer.
4900	Rob Schaaf on Monday sarcastically referred to Greitens as “the Great Seal of Missouri,” saying Greitens didn’t deserve the title “governor.” It’s a play on the name of the state seal and the governor’s former job as a Navy SEAL officer.
4901	Rolled up to conceal their inscriptions, the tablets were either nailed to the wall of a temple or buried in places considered to be close to the underworld, such as graves, springs or wells.
4902	Roosevelt authorized a change in the design on the $1 Bill in 1935 swapping the all-seeing eye from the right to the left and the Great Seal from left to right.
4903	Rosen draws inspiration from ancient Chinese calligraphy and Egyptian funerary art, and finds potent textures and colors in her local landscape that echo in her sculptural works.
4904	Round-sliced ivory is cut for making 'hanko' or carved name seals at a factory in Tokyo, Japan November 28, 2016.
4905	Rowe continued, “What about the Great Seal?
4906	Rowling, John Tiffany and Jack Thorne is the official script book (hardly a book at all, really) of the original London production of the play about a grown-up Harry Potter.
4907	Roy Cooper and the transfer of the Great Seal has been moved inside due wintry weather, the Committee on Inaugural Ceremonies said Wednesday.
4908	Royal orders issued under the sign manual (the monarch’s signature) or the signet (the monarch’s personal seal) were almost always transmitted to the Privy Seal Office, where warrants were prepared, authorizing action by the Exchequer or Chancery, the latter department being the home of the great seal – literally the final seal of approval of government decisions.
4909	Rub in lotion using downward strokes instead of circles or up-and-down motions.
4910	Rubbing Alcohol and Multivitamins and Vitamin C tablets until June 30, 2020.
4911	Rubbing a tabletop exposed to silicone wax with vinegar may safely remove some of the silicone.
4912	Rubbing salt in the wound is a poor battery life – and we'd expect more than 215 minutes from both a netbook and a tablet.
4913	Rubbing their knees together in delight under the tabletop, and squeezing their eyes shut until they feel the blood roaring in their ears, they overflow with glee, and with the urge to communicate their excitement, achieved by grinning inanely to the stranger at the next table, hoping they’ll get one back.
4914	Run the cloth or mop in gentle horizontal or vertical strokes depending on the groves or texture of the wall.
4915	Runners will start at the Majestic Theatre and run with a variety of scenery with 60% country roads, 25% in town and 15% trail-runs, including Hopewell Culture National Historical Park, Great Seal State Park, Tar Hollow State Park, Scioto Trail State Park and Adena Mansion and Gardens.
4916	Running around its gray concrete plinth are dark metal letters in sloping, cursive script: What was it like to stand in the middle of a wide open prairie and imagine a city?
4917	Running script appeared in the decades immediately after the Han dynasty (206 BCE– 220 CE).
4918	Running scripts defined in package.json Along with a visual representation of each script's state, allowing developers to see if a script is erroring & restart it if necessary.
4919	Running scripts in a scheduled manner over a certain period of time will also be required to guarantee the thorough nature of the test.
4920	Running scripts to perform tasks such as backups, anti-virus and other software updates and troubleshooting.
4921	Running scripts utilizing lists of credentials harvested from the web's many security breaches, some sociopathic idiots were able to brute force their way into taking control of devices.
4922	Running scripts, writing, and testing scripts.
4923	Running through the valve is a simple push rod or plunger with a small seal on the end.
4924	Running transaction Preparing : 1/1 Installing : iputils-20180629-2.el8.x86_64 1/1 Running scriptlet: iputils-20180629-2.el8.x86_64 1/1 Verifying : iputils-20180629-2.el8.x86_64 1/1 Installed products updated.
4925	Running transaction Preparing : 1/1 Installing : iputils-20180629-4.fc30.x86_64 1/1 Running scriptlet: iputils-20180629-4.fc30.x86_64 1/1 Verifying : iputils-20180629-4.fc30.x86_64 1/1 Installed: iputils-20180629-4.fc30.x86_64 Complete!
4926	Running transaction Preparing : 1/1 Installing : iputils-20190515-3.fc31.x86_64 1/1 Running scriptlet: iputils-20190515-3.fc31.x86_64 1/1 Verifying : iputils-20190515-3.fc31.x86_64 1/1 Installed: iputils-20190515-3.fc31.x86_64 Complete!
4927	Running transaction Preparing : 1/1 Installing : mc-1:4.8.19-9.el8.x86_64 1/1 Running scriptlet: mc-1:4.8.19-9.el8.x86_64 1/1 Verifying : mc-1:4.8.19-9.el8.x86_64 1/1 Installed products updated.
4928	Running transaction Preparing : 1/1 Installing : nano-2.9.8-1.el8.x86_64 1/1 Running scriptlet: nano-2.9.8-1.el8.x86_64 1/1 Verifying : nano-2.9.8-1.el8.x86_64 1/1 Installed products updated.
4929	Running transaction Preparing : 1/1 Installing : net-tools-2.0-0.51.20160912git.el8.x86_64 1/1 Running scriptlet: net-tools-2.0-0.51.20160912git.el8.x86_64 1/1 Verifying : net-tools-2.0-0.51.20160912git.el8.x86_64 1/1 Installed: net-tools-2.0-0.51.20160912git.el8.x86_64 Complete!
4930	Running transaction Preparing : 1/1 Installing : osquery-5.5.1-1.linux.x86_64 1/1 Running scriptlet: osquery-5.5.1-1.linux.x86_64 1/1 Verifying : osquery-5.5.1-1.linux.x86_64 1/1 Installed: osquery-5.5.1-1.linux.x86_64 Complete!
4931	Running transaction Preparing : 1/1 Installing : procps-ng-3.3.15-6.fc31.x86_64 1/1 Running scriptlet: procps-ng-3.3.15-6.fc31.x86_64 1/1 Verifying : procps-ng-3.3.15-6.fc31.x86_64 1/1 Installed: procps-ng-3.3.15-6.fc31.x86_64 Complete!
4932	Running transaction Preparing : 1/1 Installing : slack-4.3.2-0.1.fc21.x86_64 1/1 Running scriptlet: slack-4.3.2-0.1.fc21.x86_64 1/1 Verifying : slack-4.3.2-0.1.fc21.x86_64 1/1 Installed: slack-4.3.2-0.1.fc21.x86_64 Complete!
4933	Running transaction Preparing : 1/1 Upgrading : bash-4.4.12-7.fc26.x86_64 1/2 Running scriptlet: bash-4.4.12-7.fc26.x86_64 1/2 Cleanup : bash-4.4.12-5.fc26.x86_64 2/2 Running scriptlet: bash-4.4.12-5.fc26.x86_64 2/2 Verifying : bash-4.4.12-7.fc26.x86_64 1/2 Verifying : bash-4.4.12-5.fc26.x86_64 2/2 Upgraded: bash.x86_64 4.4.12-7.fc26 Complete!
4934	Runs on Windows Mobile 6.0 12.8 mm thich 2.8-inch touch screen display Full browsing capability HSDPA-supporting 3.6Mbps download speed Push email service 2 megapixel camera MP3 playback Bluetooth 2.0 Cursive script recognition Video call.
4935	Rusty Crowe (R—Johnson City) have introduced a bill that “requests the governor to submit a new design of the great seal of the state of Tennessee ” by July 1, 2025, that would include the phrase.
4936	Rusty Crowe (R—Johnson City) have introduced a bill that “requests the governor to submit a new design of the great seal of the state of Tennessee” by July 1, 2025, that would include the phrase.
4937	Rutherford visited Patuxent Brewing Co., Charles County’s first brewery, Thursday, to confer the Great Seal of the State of Maryland.
4938	S Ganeshkumar, COO, Raymond Lifestyle Business, the official style partner for IOA, stated that younger consumers now have an interest in a diverse set of sports beyond cricket.
4939	SAN FRANCISCO -- The art created by a Chinatown community leader who's shared his talent for Chinese calligraphy for decades can be seen all over his San Francisco neighborhood.
4940	SBS unveiled the first teaser poster for the drama as well as the cast members participated in the first official script reading together, raising our excitement for the drama.
4941	SIBU: United Chinese Association (UCA) Sibu Division made its way into the Malaysia Book of Records today for the most number of participants in a Chinese calligraphy event, with a whopping 6,140 participants.
4942	SIBU: United Chinese Association (UCA) Sibu Division yesterday walked into the Malaysia Book of Records for the most number of participants in a Chinese calligraphy event.
4943	SIGINT is generated when you type Ctrl-C at the keyboard to interrupt a running script.
4944	SINGAPORE - A cultural exchange trip to China in 2014 ignited Ms Shambhavi Raut's interest in Chinese calligraphy.
4945	SINGAPORE - Holding a brush in each hand, a two-armed robot programmed to write Chinese calligraphy took a few short, choppy strokes to write a Chinese idiom in five seconds.
4946	Sachets are small sealed flexible bags containing a small amount of powder or liquid, such as tea, coffee, sauces, sugar, shampoo, oil, ketchup, cream, lubricant, and others.
4947	Sachets are small sealed flexible bags containing small amount of liquid or powder product inside such as Sauces, sugar, shampoo, oil, ketchup, tea, coffee, cream, lubricant, etc.
4948	Sachets are small sealed plastic or paper bags that contain small quantity of food products or other daily usable commodities.
4949	Samantha Christoforetti borrowed Wang Xizhi’s poem in space to express her feelings directly, which also caused heated discussions among netizens on foreign social media.
4950	Same goes for the Tombow dual brush pens, which have a fine tip on one end and a brush tip on the other.
4951	Sameed Khan during his talent section of the competition, which is writing in Chinese calligraphy.
4952	Sandstone slabs on the poetry path are carved with verse from "A Second Farewell to Cambridge" in both Chinese calligraphy and English lettering.
4953	Sarah spent many happy years growing up in New Bern.She is extremely proud of her Tisdale lineage, descending from generations of silversmiths, including her third great grandfather, William Tisdale, who was commissioned to strike the original Great Seal of the State of North Carolina.Sarah graduated from Salem College in Winston-Salem, NC where she resided for sixty years.
4954	Sarah spent many happy years growing up in New Bern.She was extremely proud of her Tisdale lineage, descending from generations of silversmiths, including her third great-grandfather, William Tisdale, who was commissioned to strike the original Great Seal of the State of North Carolina.Sarah graduated from Salem College in Winston-Salem, NC, where she resided for sixty years.
4955	Sarah, who works in property and owns a business, revealed an incredible trick for how she cleans her cooker hood using a dishwasher tablet - and it involves no scrubbing at all.
4956	Sarlar VR’s Lens Brush makes that easy, featuring both a brush tip for getting rid of dust and dirt and a carbon tip for cleaning up fingerprints and smudges.
4957	Save and conserve time by performing entry-level research to identify the growth, size, top players, and segments in the global Four Treasures of the Study market.
4958	Scales, small sealed bags, two pre-rolled joints, a grinder, some residual white powder, and some MDMA were discovered.
4959	Scarborough Sea Life Sanctuary runs a small seal hospital which treats about 30 seals a year.
4960	Scarbrough takes advantage of a great seal block from Ragnow and an unusually deep set by the Cowboy LBs to plow into the end zone.
4961	Schendel produced layered palimpsests of fractured letters, word fragments, and ostensibly indecipherable cursive script applied to large transparent acrylic sheets hung from the ceiling.
4962	Scotland's First Minister Humza Yousaf was in attendance in his capacity as the Keeper of the Great Seal of Scotland.
4963	Scotland's First Minister is the leader of the Scottish Government and keeper of the Great Seal of Scotland who also chairs the Cabinet and is primarily responsible for the formulation, development and presentation of Scottish Government policy under the UK Parliament.
4964	Scotland, Northern Ireland and Wales have their own custodians of those countries great seals.
4965	Scripps CompanyQuincy MediaGray TelevisionThomas and DiBartolomeo FamiliesThis isn't one owner running scripts through it's affiliates.
4966	Scrubbing Bubbles Continuous Clean Drop-In's toilet tablets are also carrying a huge discount.
4967	Scrubbing Bubbles Continuous Clean Drop-Ins Toilet Cleaner Tablets, $3.88 (orig.
4968	Seahawk students in third through fifth grades were introduced to the art form of Chinese calligraphy.
4969	Seal script and official script are difficult to read, and the reading experience is not good, which will also affect the overall aesthetic feeling.
4970	Seal script may be compared to sitting meditation with a specific focus of the mind while cursive script appears to be meditation in action.
4971	Seal script offers a special appeal to artists interested in the ancient form of Chinese and Japanese calligraphy.
4972	Seal script was developed for commemorative records and official inscription on stone monuments in the Qin dynasty (221-209 BC).Clerical script emerged in the Han dynasty (206 BCE - 220 CE) when brush pens and the ink were used for official records and private correspondence.
4973	Seal skin can be scraped, air-dried, trampled (to soften it) and made into boots, bags or rein-deer saddles, the skin of small seals used for mitts.
4974	Sealed with the Great Seal of England which shows Edward seated on his throne on one side and mounted on a horse on the other, it still survives today in the archives of the Hull History Centre.
4975	Second row: Xu Yurui, Liu Tianrui, Deng Lan, sophomore Bella Tang, Kingston and Li Yisong, Fudan Academy teacher.
4976	Second, they’ve got oval-shaped eartips that snap on (they come with three sizes), making for a great seal, particularly for those with smaller ear canals.
4977	Secretary of State Mark Hammond told The Associated Press Friday that his office is currently reviewing past laws and making sure the Great Seal of the State of South Carolina has been applied, as is required by the state constitution.
4978	Secretary of State Ruth Johnson reminds residents that all offices and the Office of the Great Seal will be closed in observance of Martin Luther King Jr.
4979	Secretary of State Shenna Bellows certified that her department is the “legal custodian of the Great Seal of the State of Maine.” No one objected.
4980	Secretary of State offices, including the Office of the Great Seal, will be closed Oct.
4981	Secundio's life was discovered from the inscriptions on the tomb, as well as from a secured tablet which was a product of a previous Pompeii banker named Cecilius Giocondus.
4982	Secure, over-the-air (OTA) updates in seconds: Low-code, drag-and-drop interface that enables developers to build their own update flow logic, including artifacts, containers, running scripts, commands, release bundles, pulling from Git repositories, and more.
4983	See some exquisite Chinese calligraphy at this live demonstration and be in the running to order one of 10 calligraphy couplets to hang on your door and bring good fortune!
4984	See traditional lion and dragon dances and tai chi demos, take part in handicrafts, have your name written in Chinese calligraphy and let the children paint their faces.
4985	See, Jiaoxia, Zhizhi and other cutting-edge brands bring Chinese flavors and clothing styles, as well as Dunhuang mural puzzles, blind boxes of Henan Museum, Xi’an Forest of Steles, Four Treasures of the Study, and other national style cultural creations that are sought after by young people.
4986	See: Activities including Chinese calligraphy, mah-jong, and Chinese Chess.
4987	See: Hilary Duff's husband, Matthew Koma, who just got a "Hilary" butt tattoo in a lovely cursive script.
4988	See: Special Lion Dance, famous Cotta Warriors, take part in Chinese calligraphy, tea ceremonies and brush painting.
4989	Seen as a mark of refinement, Chinese calligraphy can be a fantastic hobby to pursue.
4990	Seen behind her a was a piece of Chinese calligraphy on cats by TV personality Chua Lam.
4991	Seen behind her was a piece of Chinese calligraphy on cats by TV personality Chua Lam.
4992	Selena's dress featured striking puffy sleeves and a slender gold strip across her chest.
4993	Self-expression is at the heart of Chinese calligraphy.
4994	Senator Lindsey Graham tweeted ironically: “If it were me, I’d check the soccer ball for listening devices,” while NBC host Jimmy Fallon warned the president there might be an electronic listening device inside, just like the famous Great Seal bug.
4995	Send a “special thank you letter”, with Wang Xizhi’s unique calligraphy on the slightly yellowed rice paper.
4996	Senior citizen universities (SCUs) in China offer courses in pursuits like Chinese calligraphy, dancing, literature, as well as video editing.
4997	Separate activities include the school of Chinese calligraphy event held at the Confucius Institute at the University of Johannesburg, in Johannesburg, South Africa, and folk music performances held in Vienna, Austria, to further explore the role of China's traditional culture in today's modern world.
4998	Set against layered backgrounds that feel compressed, his paintings also include references to Chinese calligraphy and American graffiti.
4999	Set in the early 1900s in a mythical New York with cobble-stone streets, stately mansions and thieving street gangs and also in the present, "Winter's Tale" is a romance that transcends time with magical elements such as a flying white horse and a hero who exists for 100 years without aging.
5000	Set in the early 1900s in a mythical New York with cobble-stone streets, stately mansions and thieving street gangs and also in the present, “Winter’s Tale” is a romance that transcends time with magical elements such as a flying white horse and a hero who exists for 100 years without aging.
5001	Several of those arrested are recent graduates of universities overseas like Goldsmiths (Li Siqi), University of Westminster (Xin Shang) and the University of Chicago (Qin Ziyi).
5002	Several years later, his artistic flare was noticeably praised when he served as a consultant on committees that designed the Great Seal of New Jersey, the Great Seal of the United States and the American flag.
5003	Seward reached for the document to take it to the State Department for the great seal.
5004	Shanghai Disneyland Hotel and Toy Story Hotel will both have festival decorations and activities like Chinese calligraphy, paper cutting, and dragon mask workshops.
5005	Shanghai Museum is currently running a special exhibition dedicated to the Ming dynasty calligrapher Dong Qichang, which includes a work by Yan Zhenqing that was borrowed from a museum in Tokyo.
5006	Sharing a black and white image of himself on his Instagram Story, Brooklyn can be seen proudly showing off his extensive tattoo, written in black cursive script.
5007	Sharp lines and strong horizontal strokes give it a rhythm that reads well in long texts.
5008	Shave in downward strokes first and only then, shave upwards to kick all unwanted hair out.
5009	Shaving in the same direction as your hair grows -- shaving with the grain (this is usually going to mean downward strokes) -- may also help to minimize nicks and ingrown hairs.
5010	She accessorized with a leather handbag and aviator shadesand wore a slender gold chain around her neck.
5011	She added she also welcomes any Islander to come and practice the art of Chinese calligraphy and learn more about Chinese traditions.
5012	She added: “With the help of my screen reader and a dedicated support worker, I am giving lectures using Microsoft PowerPoint, attending international seminars and conferences via Microsoft Teams and Zoom and have even had some success coding and running scripts to analyse data and support my scientific research.
5013	She adds that the nonagenarian shifted interest towards Chinese calligraphy next.
5014	She advises scholars to relook at an everyday history of the Marathi language through the lens of the cursive script, whose earliest available samples date back to the time when the Deccan sultanates incorporated local languages in record-keeping alongside Persian.
5015	She also embodies the true spirit of American patriotism which is found on the nation’s Great Seal “e pluribus Unum” out of many one.
5016	She also has her family’s birthdays tattooed on her arm, as well as the names John, Luna, and Miles written in cursive script.
5017	She also jumped on the celebrity neck tattoo trend, adding the word "beleza" — which means "beauty" in Portuguese — in delicate cursive script to the side of her neck just above her shoulder.
5018	She also loved gardening, going for walks with the family dogs, and writing warm hand-written notes in her flowing cursive script which for her friends and family provided the rare exception to the usual drudgery of receiving mail.
5019	She also loved gardening, going for walks with the family dogs, and writing warm hand-written notes in her flowing cursive script which for her friends and family provided the rare exception to the usual drudgery of receiving mail.Linda leaves behind a son - Dylan Korpita and his wife Kristyn, and two daughters - Logan Gomes and her husband Tiago, and Taylor Jones and her husband Fernando.
5020	She also runs a thriving business on the second floor, selling brushes, inks and paper for Chinese calligraphy.
5021	She also testified that about two years before the incident, she noticed a small sealed box in Parti's room.
5022	She also uses the three elements found in qigong meditation — posture, breath, and visualization — with the end goal of using the silk fabric to create imagery of Chinese calligraphy.
5023	She and seven other CEOs, among them the heads of American Express, Johnson & Johnson, U.S. Steel, and Wells Fargo, were placed like pegs in a tightly designed game board, sitting in front of tent cards with their names in a formal script, waiting for the President to arrive.
5024	She appears in a blue gown with a green collar, the downward strokes of the paintbrush creating movement in the garment.
5025	She became a born again lady, at the time she went to Ghana to shoot a movie, where she lived in a hotel room for eight months running scripts and productions.
5026	She began absorbing Chinese philosophies and traditions, and her works from this period show elements of Chinese calligraphy.
5027	She completed the theme with a slender gold necklace - adorned with the word 'SONNY'.
5028	She dawned a new tattoo, written in black cursive script “Times Up” on her forearm.
5029	She denied having any sexual contact with the victim, who was able to describe a Chinese calligraphy tattoo the actress has near her private parts.
5030	She envisioned it would be created from botanical leather and derived from wine residue whilst featuring Chinese calligraphy.
5031	She explains: “As you work with the tool, your breathing also gets into a pattern — for every upward stroke you inhale, and for a downward stroke, exhale.
5032	She finds large brush tip pens are harder to control at first, but you may need to experiment to find which tools work best for you.
5033	She focused on printmaking and Chinese calligraphy, the two disciplines that have exerted a huge influence on her development as a ceramic artist.
5034	She followed her nose down the wide corridor until she glimpsed the elegant cursive script of previous centuries: Laura Secord.
5035	She had a treatment with her when she went out, but it wasn’t a formal script.
5036	She had talked about practicing Chinese calligraphy when she was young, and that was one idea that I pitched and they were willing to put money towards in our production budget.
5037	She has produced martial arts videos demonstrating traditional elements such as Chinese calligraphy and paintings.
5038	She initially paid tribute to Norman by getting her first ever tattoo back in 2011: his name inked on the inside of her foot in cursive script.
5039	She instructs Layla to unlock the Great Seal to Atlantis.
5040	She is also a classical music aficionado who has played the piano from age 6, and enjoys studying Chinese calligraphy and art.
5041	She is inspired by a variety of sources, from cave paintings, cartography, Chinese calligraphy, and 17th-century landscape etchings to architectural renderings, graffiti, and news photography.
5042	She is not a Chinese immigrant mother in "Fresh Off the Boat." She does not have to be in the same visual field as dumplings or Chinese calligraphy for audiences to understand why she belongs.
5043	She is one of over 10,000 people in the township engaged in the Xuan paper industry.
5044	She issued and read a formal proclamation under the Great Seal of the Province of Prince Edward Island.
5045	She kept her make up game simple, painting her lips a soft, pretty pink and accessorized with a slender gold necklace, a bracelet, and a watch with a black band.
5046	She moved from the bottom of her face to her hairline in horizontal strokes to avoid blending the products together, thus maintaining a contoured look.
5047	She notes that it’s important this be done gradually and she takes great care to rib the clay up and down, and then back and forth with horizontal strokes.
5048	She painted her lips a nude pink and carried an slender gold clutch in one hand.
5049	She paired her chocolate brown bikini with a bespoke gold necklace that featured her close pals name in cursive scripture.
5050	She played a key role in the understanding of ancient Hittite hieroglyphics by discovering a tablet with the Phoenician alphabet, which allowed philologists to decipher the inscription.
5051	She practiced brush calligraphy with the Four Treasures of the Study.
5052	She ran the tablets under her kitchen tap for a few seconds to make each one damp before rubbing it on the dirt.
5053	She recently got the word "freedom" tattooed on her hand in cursive script, which many think is a response to her separation.
5054	She recommends using short, downward strokes in the direction of your hair growth, and notes that it’s important to take extra care around the hairline and eyebrows so that you don’t accidentally remove any hairs you want to keep.
5055	She removed it from his mouth and saw it was a small sealable plastic bag.
5056	She said Chinese calligraphy features 12 zodiac animals of the Chinese lunar calendar, as well as the nature and words of wisdom that provide lessons in life for readers.
5057	She said her consent would be "signified under the Great Seal" and entered into the register of the Privy Council, an ancient body of councillors that dates back hundreds of years.
5058	She said her consent would be “signified under the Great Seal” and entered into the register of the Privy Council, an ancient body of councillors that dates back hundreds of years.
5059	She said it is part of making the process more connected than the formal script and having any trustee who is comfortable reading a personal Land Acknowledgement.
5060	She said she's impressed by how precise Chinese calligraphy is and although it looks hard, she's eager to try it herself.
5061	She said the Chinese calligraphy class, which uses Mandarin characters, made her think about the ways people might take written language for granted.
5062	She said the brand is available in two registered pack sizes - 1ml ampoules (small sealed glass vials) and 10ml multi-dose vials.
5063	She said the brand is available in two registered pack sizes – 1ml ampoules (small sealed glass vials) and 10ml multi-dose vials.
5064	She said the medical examiner found that wound was caused by a downward stroke into Obumseli’s chest, contradicting Clenney’s claim that she’d thrown the knife at Obumseli from about 10 feet away.
5065	She said they had a crate brought in and corralled the small seal into it using a tarp, as they dodged attempted nips by the seal.
5066	She said: "Girls who have lashes on and are hanging off… Take a teaspoon of coconut oil melt it down slightly so it’s not scalding then dip a cotton tip into it and brush it all over the root of your false lashes in a downward stroke and keep repeating and repeating.
5067	She says parents should watch their children to see if they’re having difficulty reading, sitting too close to the TV, holding a book too close to their face, closing one eye to read or watch TV, rubbing their eyes frequently, experiencing sensitivity to light, or avoiding computers or tablets because they say it hurts their eyes.
5068	She shaves off the rough edges, takes its most violent scene off-camera, and adds a blush of chick-flick sentiment—alluded to in the pink cursive script of the title.
5069	She shows how this world of writing changed when the Maratha karkun became the clerk in the British colonial office, and Devanagari eventually became the official script.
5070	She takes out a bag of Finish MAX in 1 dishwasher tablets and unwrap the plastic cover from one of the pods and starts scrubbing it on the surface.
5071	She then hid in the en-suite by the door, “writing frantically in cursive script” that looks nothing like her normal handwriting.
5072	She then rubbed the tablet over the glass so the powder went all over it, before scrubbing it with a sponge on the green scourer side.
5073	She tried to flee police, but fell off the bike and was found with 10 small sealed bags of drugs and money in her possession.
5074	She tries to slap the ball on the ground with a downward stroke as she moves forward in the batter's box, getting a running start as she tries to beat out a ball that doesn't sneak through the infield.
5075	She turned, struggling with the weight of it, then losing her balance, dropping it to the floor where it burst open, a wave of slender gold bars fanning across the concrete.
5076	She used her fingers to paint small horizontal strokes that resembles fishes against a colourful background that looks like reefs.
5077	She was 14-years-old at the timethe same age that she starred in her famous Calvin Klein campaign and covered Vogue magazineand we love her character Emmeline’s aesthetic so much, we’ve chosen her as our official style icon for spring.
5078	She was able to describe a Chinese calligraphy tattoo Phythian had near her private parts, and described how Marke would pretened to be asleep before joining in with the abuse.
5079	She was able to describe a Chinese calligraphy tattoo the actress has near her private parts.
5080	Sheep and Goat was created by Chinese calligrapher and painter Zhao Mengfu, whose specialty was drawing horses.
5081	Shen Zhou (1427-1509) and Wen Zhengming (1470-1559) are the outstanding representatives of Wu School.
5082	Shigeo Kojima, managing director of Kippodo Co, which makes "hank" (name seals), speaks in front of a stack of name seals at his office in Tokyo.
5083	Shimpi recently demonstrated how he works, running scripted videogame sequences on a MacBook Air to test the performance of its graphics chip.
5084	Shocking GoPro footage shows the small seal, with a bleeding open eye socket, hauled onto a kayak.
5085	Shopper Ellie shared her amazing transformation after scrubbing with a few of Aldi’s tablets - which cost as little as 14 cents each.
5086	Shoppers can also have their names written in Chinese calligraphy, while supplies last.
5087	Shoppers celebrated at John Lewis by trying their hand at the art of Chinese calligraphy and by making traditional red banners to mark the Lunar New Year.
5088	Shoppers who spend a minimum of S$20 will also be able to redeem a decorative Chinese calligraphy piece.
5089	Shortly after Palmer’s visit, Deception became a small seal hunting hub.
5090	Should you encounter problems with installing dependencies or running scripts, uninstall all previous dependency versions (global and local).
5091	Showing how history had been recorded in India through the ages, the book takes help of 100 amazing documents -- from stone inscriptions, palm-leaf, papyrus manuscripts and clay tablets to patents, letters, maps and much more -- to set-off readers on an ''extraordinary tour of India's fascinating past''.
5092	Showing that to be the case was also evident in an article Chinese scientists submitted to The Lancet, but because most medical journals are writing on stone tablets, it took the journal several weeks to review the article.
5093	Shown in the upper left of this design is Chinese calligraphy representing rat with the word “rat” in English below it.
5094	Sightings of this spooky animal are irregular as some also claimed to see a flying white thing whilst others said it was black and perhaps a donkey or a dog.
5095	Signature typeface: Marcel, a cursive script based on a Frenchman’s handwriting.
5096	Silicone Inflatable Gasket Manufacturer provides great sealing due to its strong elasticity and compressibility.
5097	Similar to “Bamboo’s” evocation of Chinese calligraphy, the new “Ebb Tide” is inspired by his late mother’s practice of watercolors, with music played on a Chinese instrument called the pipa, and piano compositions by British composer Helen Jane Long.
5098	Similarly to the Brush tool, I can select a brush tip to paint the pattern with.
5099	Simitiere made this explicit by suggesting various symbols to represent this diversity in the centerpiece of the Great Seal.
5100	Simply fill the pen with the correct paint color (utilize the included syringe for this), snap the brush tip on, twist the bottom of the pen, and you’re all ready to paint.
5101	Simply fill with the included syringe, and when you’re finished painting, just rinse the brush tip and replace the cap to store it for future use.
5102	Simply load the pen with matching paint, then “write” over any marred areas with the brush tip.
5103	Simply use the brush tip applicator to apply, leave to set and then peel off.
5104	Since 2005, the state has expanded that list so that the following items may not be discarded in the trash or a landfill, and must be processed separately as Universal Waste at an approved facility: rechargeable batteries, including nickel cadmium, metal hydride, small sealed lead acid, lithium, mercuric oxide, zinc air and silver oxide button batteries.
5105	Since September 2021, a slender golden sculpture by Brancusi has been perched in the Hood’s front window, capturing the eye of passersby as it glistens in the Hanover sun.
5106	Since its presence was learned from a stone near the Selenga river (a runic tablet with an inscription detailing the site), the settlement—known as Por-Bajin—has eluded understanding.
5107	Since the 1980s, Wang Dongling has been at the vanguard of reimagining the ancient artform of Chinese calligraphy for contemporary times.
5108	Since the new century, he personally initiated the project titled "Big Characters Travel the World," a plan to construct writing scenes of Chinese calligraphy at the most important art institutions around the globe, promoting academic communication between calligraphy and international art circle.
5109	Since then Diana has worked on a number of projects and series of work including her line drawings, which allowed her to remove the self consciousness out of drawing, her “Seasons of Change” series inspired by Chinese calligraphy, and her vibrant oil paintings.
5110	Since then, it has deviated from its initial topic to encompass everything from Madonna to former chatshow host David Letterman, to the fact that American schools no longer teach pupils to write in cursive script, to Donald Trump (“an asshole”) and Boris Johnson (“not much better”), before reaching the subject of Cher’s age.
5111	Since then, many Hong Kongers have reclaimed the insult as a badge of honor, using it everywhere from hardhats to mooncakes to Chinese calligraphy.
5112	Since then, the famous white cursive script logo has been an ever-present fixture on stages the world over.
5113	Since they evenly-dispense solution through a convenient brush tip, reviewers say it's the "best and easiest product" they've used.
5114	Since we attended the international forum on democracy on Thursday, where I sat in awe of speakers from Spain, Zambia, Pakistan, America and, of course, George Galloway, one of my favourite speakers of all time, Chinese calligraphy was the only activity we had.
5115	Since you're likely going to use these in a quiet home environment, we don't think getting a great seal is as important.
5116	Since young, Mr Wong has a strong interest in Chinese calligraphy.
5117	Singapore's most expensive living artist, he broke his own record in 2014 when his ink-on-rice paper work, Portrait Of Bada Shanren, done in 60 seconds, sold for 20.7 million yuan (S$4.4 million) at a Poly International Auction sale in Beijing.
5118	Singh’s departure from the official script came as the controversial project was raised in both the Coalition party room meeting on Tuesday, and in the Labor caucus.
5119	Sir William Cowper was appointed Lord Keeper of the Great Seal and conducted the negotiations between the English and Scottish to unite England with Scotland.
5120	Six weeks of lectures were followed by four labs, which he did at the counter near the kitchen sink, using equipment from an at-home chemistry kit and common household items such as salt, vinegar, rubbing alcohol and antacid tablets.
5121	Sixth-grader Kole Bryant was one of those students who enjoyed the lesson, which came with a lesson on Chinese calligraphy, a style of artful writing.
5122	Skelly: To this point, I've written all of my longer comics, so this was my first time working with a formal script, which Alex did a killer job on.
5123	Skilled craftsmen take one or two slender gold threads and twist and twist them by hand to create gorgeous gold jewelry.
5124	Skip The Special Brush & Clean Your Reusable Water Bottle With This Fizzy Tablet Bottle Bright Biodegradable Water Bottle Cleaning Tablets Amazon $8 See On Amazon Instead of scrubbing your favorite water bottle, just fill it with warm water and drop in this cleaning tablet.
5125	Slender gold and silver tubes crafted during the Bronze Age are the world's oldest drinking straws, a new study finds.
5126	Slender gold and silver tubes crafted during the Bronze Age are the world’s oldest drinking straws, a new study finds.
5127	Slender gold legs and velvet fabric upholstery Sold in sets of two.
5128	Slender golden twigs of beeswax and twine are on offer to make wishes by lighting them and adhering them to the stone wall.
5129	Smashbox Halo Highlighting Wand in Pearl – This brush pen has a push-in end to release product and apply with a wide brush tip.
5130	Smith is developing the official script for the Twister sequel.
5131	Smooth the sheet mask over your face with downward strokes to make sure it sticks everywhere and then rub some excess serum down onto your neck.
5132	Smooth vertical strokes end in sudden but sumptuous full stops.
5133	Smoothy is a two-font family with a mono weight cursive script and a complementary subtly rounded sans-serif.
5134	Snipes” in purple cursive script.
5135	So Halleran, using elements from the Great Seal of the Island Colony, created a flag for Vancouver Island – over 100 years since it was ordered by the United Kingdom.
5136	So Halleran, using elements from the Great Seal of the Island Colony, created a flag for Vancouver Island – over 100 yearssince it was ordered by the United Kingdom.
5137	So I read magazines like India Today and Femina, which we subscribed to, paid extra attention in English class and diligently practised writing in cursive script.
5138	So I was given an idea of all that was going to involve so I could get started before we had official scripts.
5139	So Wang, whose creativity is influenced by his carpenter grandfather and the traditional Chinese calligraphy he learned as a child, put that confidence to work on his 2019 thesis project.
5140	So Warren's image lives on as part of the great seal of the state of Arizona where his image is seen as representing the historical significance of mining in Arizona.
5141	So Warren’s image lives on as part of the great seal of the state of Arizona where his image is seen as representing the historical significance of mining in Arizona.
5142	So after a little checking, here are some interesting historical facts that will shed some light on the meaning of the Great Seal of New Jersey.
5143	So at lunchtime on Monday, September 11, 1967, the four and their entourage set off from London in a psychedelic yellow tour bus and headed for the Westcountry, with no formal script.
5144	So at lunchtime on Monday, September 11, 1967, without a formal script, the four and their entourage set off from London in a psychedelic yellow tour bus and headed for the Westcountry.
5145	So far, he’s opened a small seal goods factory in Guangzhou and a swanky mall store in Shenyang.
5146	So far, the archaeologists have unearthed several hundred thousand objects, including a crescent-shaped, gemstone-studded gold earring from the 11th century and a tablet with the inscription "yt in ys neyt anders," which you could translate as "Et is, wie et is," ("It is what it is"), a classic Cologne saying that you still find on fridge magnets sold in the city.
5147	So idyllic was the setting and so convivial the occasion, that Wang Xizhi felt inspired to write a preface to the anthology of the guests‘ collected poems.
5148	So if you happen to be here — don't forget to try your hand at some Chinese calligraphy.
5149	So measuring the saddle height and pedal is important to create a downward stroke without hurting your foot or knees.
5150	So much for ending birthright citizenship with the atypically vertical strokes of a presidential pen.
5151	So really, the vast, vast majority of the cases is replacing DIY, people running scripts and running around with fabs and that kind of stuff.
5152	So some writers and editors are just running with “the coronavirus.” Who knows: if the epidemic fails to fizzle out inside China, some directive of this nature may find its way into official style books.
5153	So the Americans, in panic, had to send German 5th column Annalena “360 Degrees” Bearbock in a hurry to Beijing to try to undo Le Petit Roi’s outbursts – and reaffirm the Washington Dictates Brussels official script.
5154	So the dagger-form tails on Fs in the cursive scripts remained, while the illegible capital letters in the monastic scripts were updated to modern standards.
5155	So the tenant may want to file a motion asking to have their name sealed from Wisconsin's online court record system known as CCAP.
5156	So they make sure that they play more of downward strokes.
5157	So use downward strokes to brush your neck and chest.
5158	So we will use the official script provided by OpenLiteSpeed to automatically add the correct repository to our Ubuntu system.
5159	So what congressional aides received — a roughly 40-page packet of documents sheathed in a manila envelope decorated with cursive script and manipulated to look aged, with a return address portraying that it had come from the White House — may have been a bit of a letdown.
5160	So what's the difference between Michigan's Great Seal and Michigan's Coat of Arms?
5161	So when I first went to the audition, we didn't have the official script that we were reading, but it was a essence of those lines that me and I mean Vicki Thomas (ph) were going back and forth with.
5162	So when Lady Gaga sang “The Star-Spangled Banner” during the inauguration ceremony for President Biden on Wednesday morning, she customarily split the “yet” into two syllables, but instead of bending the melody like a question mark, she shot through it like the downward stroke of an exclamation point.
5163	So when Lady Gaga sang “The Star-Spangled Banner” during the inauguration ceremony for President Biden on Wednesday morning, she customarily split the “yet” into two-syllables, but instead of bending the melody like a question mark she shot through it like the downward stroke of an exclamation point.
5164	So when Lady Gaga sang “The Star-Spangled Banner” during the inauguration ceremony for President Joe Biden on Wednesday morning, she customarily split the “yet” into two syllables, but instead of bending the melody like a question mark, she shot through it like the downward stroke of an exclamation point.
5165	So when Rap Snacks Inc launched its Nicki Minaj-branded "Barbie-Que Honey Truffle" potato chips, it was hardly surprising that Mattel would cry foul -- not when the chip bag features “Barbie” in that familiar cursive script as well as a photo of the rapper sporting a Barbie necklace.
5166	So yeah, it scared the hell out of me when I started to hear people talking about establishing an official style, particularly when it was supposed to be a traditional style, because that’s literally right from the fascist handbook.
5167	So yes, and as I alluded to in my formal script, I'm super excited by the amazing innovation we continue to do in this organization.
5168	So, I end with a somewhat religious, political, statement, from Thomas Jefferson.And these were the words that Jefferson originally proposed for the Great Seal of the United States.
5169	So, Spacing is the setting that adjusts the distance between each stamp of the brush tip in a stroke, and with that it influences the density of the brush stroke.
5170	So, even if you apply pressure on the brush tips, they will retain their original shape despite extensive use.
5171	So, for example, even if you didn’t grow up speaking Mandarin, you can learn the aesthetics of Chinese calligraphy.
5172	So, it was only right that Teigen would have celeb tattoo artist Winter Stone ink the words, “Ooooh laaaa,” in beautiful cursive script down her spine.
5173	So, the Continental Congress, the country’s burgeoning administrative body, tasked Benjamin Franklin, Thomas Jefferson, and John Adams to design this Great Seal.
5174	So, to understand their approach towards the market, the Global Four Treasures of the Study Market report has a dedicated section.
5175	So: more numbers in work, more households earning, pay packets outstripping inflation and household spending rising at an annual rate of 1.9 per cent: while the pace of labour market improvement may be slowing, such a prolonged improvement – little short of miraculous in the face of the political gloom – has never been in the official script.
5176	Soak the roller with the chosen paint and apply it to the wall with overlapping movements, if you notice that there are still places where the paint has not penetrated properly, make applications in “V” shape movements followed by vertical strokes on the surface.
5177	Soaking your pots overnight, boiling the stains with white vinegar or lemon, scrubbing with baking soda, or dissolving a dishwasher tablet in the pan will lift the burn marks away without damaging your beloved kitchen equipment.
5178	Soaring aloft, he exchanges a beast for a bird: Air Force One is America with wings, a mechanised version of the beaked, pinioned eagle – a predator that clutches in its claws twin bundles of peacemaking olive branches and spiky, militarised arrows – that appears on the country’s Great Seal.
5179	Soaring arches and beautiful stained glass windows ornamented with the coats of arms of Lord Chancellors and keepers of the Great Seal, combined with a mosaic marble floor leading to a maze of enchanting corridors to create a majestic setting or exciting visit to one of London’s best kept secrets.
5180	Societies that want to make progress go for the best, which explains why a year after, Madu was appointed Minister of Justice and Solicitor General for the Government of Alberta and Provincial Secretary and Keeper of the Great Seal of the Province of Alberta – another new high – he became the first African Minister of Justice in a Canadian government.
5181	Soften moisturiser by rubbing it between both your hands and then use it to your whole individual body using the palm, in downward strokes.
5182	Soften moisturiser by rubbing it in between your hands and then rub it further in with a downward stroke of the other hand.
5183	Soloist Veronika Eberle shared the delightful anticipation of her entry, swaying gently to the rhythm before drifting in with a sinuously lyrical tone, robust downward strokes and ethereal harmonics that posed a perfect complement to the measured, structured sound beneath.
5184	Somali was largely orally communicated until 1972, when Mohamed Siad Barre’s government created an official script based on Roman lettering.
5185	Some British athletes tried their hands at Chinese calligraphy at the Olympic Village during the Beijing 2022 Olympic Winter Games.
5186	Some Nepalis used a Chinese calligraphy brush to write down "Nepal-China Friendship," "I like to learn Chinese" and other Chinese phrases on the spot.
5187	Some also show Chinese calligraphy or Japanese carp, reflecting the many cultures that have shaped modern Hawaii.
5188	Some are extra long for reaching into anthills while others have special brush tips for collecting sap.
5189	Some attend these classes to gain a deeper understanding of certain topics, some to acquire new skills such as Chinese calligraphy and painting, while others are keen to pursue their unfulfilled dreams.
5190	Some axles have small seals that must be appropriately positioned so pressures can be vented and the lip can work.
5191	Some axles have small seals that must be positioned properly so pressures can be relieved and the lip can work.
5192	Some calligraphy works at the exhibition, although created in salute to Chinese calligraphy masters, such as Yan Zhenqing (AD 709-784), already abandon the traditional calligraphy art form and appeal to a more contemporary concept.
5193	Some children learned how to wrap zongzi with colorful paper, and some were attracted to try Chinese calligraphy at the stall by the Australian School of Contemporary Chinese.
5194	Some explain the group as responsible for the great seal on the back of the $1 bill.
5195	Some have a historical cachet (the embroidered burse that held Queen Elizabeth I’s Great Seal of England, for instance, or Winston Churchill’s Despatch Box).
5196	Some have brush tips made of foam or dense fiber.
5197	Some have too-dry formulas while others have fussy brush tips that refuse to provide a sharp cat-eye.
5198	Some have too-dry formulas, while others have fussy brush tips that refuse to provide a sharp cat-eye.
5199	Some health packs include a note with a short poem written in Chinese calligraphy.
5200	Some inscriptions on the tablets contained real signs and an amulet "was undoubtedly inspired by that found at Nimrud" in Iraq.
5201	Some long-festering desire took hold of him and he shoved the shotgun against the neck of the privileged man before him until he was rudely rubbing an upscale face against the tabletop.
5202	Some newer smartphones and tablets have a coating that repels oils from your skin, and rubbing the finish too hard will wear it away quickly.
5203	Some of Prinker's most popular tattoos include Chinese calligraphy, recalling traditional tattoo designs that can compress multiple meanings into a single word or phrase from literature, history, or even the designer's imagination.
5204	Some of her classic words include “PUDDIN,” heart and diamond shapes, a heart with “Joker” on the inside, a Joker face and “Lucky You” in a cursive script.
5205	Some of his most notable ink drawings, including “POKORA”, are engraved in capital letters on his right arm, on the right is the sentence “Only God can judge me” arm, the words “creativity”, “peace” and “patience” in Chinese calligraphy on his left shoulder and the word “ambition” in Chinese calligraphy on his lower back.
5206	Some of his subjects include human genomes, jazz, light, and possibly quoted poems written in cursive script.
5207	Some of the Hong Kong designs borrow from calligraphy styles that were once widely seen on shop signs, and on wooden or stone tablets on traditional village gates.
5208	Some of the art work includes Chinese Calligraphy, a book: The art of Chinese seal script, Chinese Shan Shui Painting, Color ceramic bowl, Paper cuttings.
5209	Some of the art work includes Chinese Calligraphy, a book: The art of Chinese seal script, Chinese Shan Shui Painting, Colour ceramic bowl, Paper cuttings.
5210	Some of the artists featured in the exhibit include Dong Qichang (1555-1636) and Chen Jiru (1558-1639), and the works show how they reacted to the difficult times through paintings, poetry and calligraphy.
5211	Some of the currency bear the Turkish Republic’s founder Mustafa Kemal Ataturk’s visage or other rural scenes, along with Turkish spelled in Arabic script, from before the official script of Turkey got changed to the Latin alphabet.
5212	Some of the events for onlookers included Chinese calligraphy and button making, using the symbol of the pig, the 2019 lunar zodiac that stands for fortune and personality.
5213	Some of the events include: exploring Chinese calligraphy, Korean shield kite-making, creating a Japanese Kimono greeting cards and much more.
5214	Some of the highlights of Mimi's home include a glass cabinet full of various gold ornaments and also Chinese calligraphy pieces on the wall.
5215	Some of the items have been rarely displayed to the public, such as the ink stick named “The Imperial Ten Hued Eight Diagram Ink” of the Qing Dynasty (1644-1911).
5216	Some of the oldest tablets with Arabic inscription are in stone from a trilingual inscription of Greek-Syriac-Arabic.
5217	Some of the words were written in the formal script found in illuminated gospel works, while others are informal in style.
5218	Some people like elegant invitations with formal script, embossing and foil.
5219	Some pieces of Chinese calligraphy are masterpieces to the trained aficionado.
5220	Some quarters who oppose it perhaps fail to see that the move would ensure that the art of khat would not be lost forever and that it would indirectly be seen as recognition for other forms of calligraphy too, including Chinese calligraphy.
5221	Some showed off their Chinese artwork, which included paper lanterns, fire-breathing dragons made from egg boxes, origami animals and Chinese calligraphy.
5222	Some will argue that no one looks at the Great Seal and that it couldn’t possibly influence people deciding what to do here, but then again I think a fish would be very appropriate, symbolic and descriptive.
5223	Some workshops introduce children to art forms from different cultures, such as Indonesian batik painting, Japanese kabuto hats, Venetian mask making, Chinese calligraphy and Mexican Folklorico dancing.
5224	Somehow, they all manage to not look like a Nazi eagle crest, including the Great Seal.” The Tweets had more than 30,000 likes and nearly 20,000 retweets Thursday.
5225	Someone has sprayed “Fuck capitalism” in a neat cursive script over the anti-climb paint.
5226	Something like an antique Chinese calligraphy seal set or a unique piece of authentic folk art?
5227	Sometimes a cobalt or ultramarine blue will be mixed with white and slathered on the canvas in close-packed horizontal strokes, like sardines in a tin, and white itself is frequently used for backgrounds or for punctuation.
5228	Sometimes the introduction or subtraction of a wheel, or some other frivolous alteration, is made, to satisfy their conscience in testifying to the novelty of their contrivance, and then they issue forth, with their parchment and great seal, in the redoubtable character of patentees and discoverers of some great and useful improvement in the arts.
5229	Sometimes the minutiae, especially the extended account early in the book describing the origins and evolution of the bald eagle’s depiction on the Great Seal of the United States, slows the story down.
5230	Sometimes, the documents would have grand formal script on the first page and local language scripts in the rest,” says the artist who started out as a figurative sculptor.
5231	Song: Have a go at Chinese calligraphy!
5232	Sony says that the WI-1000XM2's angled earphone design ensures a great seal against the ear canal, and means the earbuds sit "deeply within the ear".
5233	Sophomore Erin Reilly won first prize for her use of library resources to support her research, “The Lives of Li Si and Wei Qing: Insights into the Qin-Han Dynasties.” She was advised by Liang Cai, associate professor in the Department of History.
5234	Sotheby's Asia Deputy Chairman Nicolas Chow poses with a massive imperial white jade "Xintian Zhuren" seal in front of the cursive script "Shi Gu Ge" by Han Yu during an auction preview in Hong Kong August 31, 2010.
5235	Sound quality is decent, with a variety of eartips that offer a great seal for punchy bass response, and a tight high end that brings a good amount of clarity to your favorite tunes.
5236	Sound quality is solid, with a variety of eartips that offer a great seal for punchy bass response, and a tight high end that brings a good amount of clarity to your favorite tunes.
5237	Southern Tide is the official style of the RBC Heritage Presented by Boeing.
5238	Southwest has not added the warning to its official script, but flight attendants have the authority to include reminders if they see fit.
5239	Speaker of the House Philip Gunn accepts the Great Seal of Mississippi from St.
5240	Speaking about being inducted into the Hall of Fame, Roe Park Resort’s Sales and Marketing Manager, Sinead McNicholl said, “There is no greater seal of approval than being recognised by our clients for excellence.
5241	Speaking at her annual Christmas reception at the National Gallery in Edinburgh, Ms Adams told stakeholders and partners she was ready to hand over the Great Seal and the 18 public registers under her control.
5242	Speaking from Taipei (with his daughter Lin translating), Liu says he was “completely westernised” when he left art school in Taiwan in the 1950s, but encounters with the abstract expressionists made him realise that they had already absorbed Chinese calligraphy techniques.
5243	Speaking from his office adorned with Chinese calligraphy, Ma, an avid calligrapher himself, said Chambroad aims to become a century-old brand by following the same golden rule used during the past two decades.
5244	Speaking in a question-and-answer session in Chicago, Duncan displayed a sharp contrast with Johnson’s position, as he strayed from the official script that Britain is going to be a larger global player once it has left the EU, explaining instead the task ahead was to convert something that could prove a disaster into an opportunity.
5245	Speaking of iPhone cases, a variety of Apple’s official styles are on sale today including those for iPhone 11/Pro and X/S Max.
5246	Speaking of progressive, he also cites the Latin credo appearing on the Great Seal, ‘e pluribus unum’, meaning from many, one.
5247	Speaking of which, you get three silicone tips for comfort and a great seal.
5248	Speaking to the upper house in Parliament, Lord True said: "The functions Counsellors of State undertake can include, for example, indicating assent to legislation, formally approving appointments, and providing authority for the affixing of the Great Seal to documents, such as royal proclamations.
5249	Speaking to the upper house in Parliament, Lord True said: “The functions Counsellors of State undertake can include, for example, indicating assent to legislation, formally approving appointments, and providing authority for the affixing of the Great Seal to documents, such as royal proclamations.
5250	Specializing in clerical script, semi-cursive script and other styles, she has accumulated multiple domestic and international awards.
5251	Specifically, its super-thin brush tip makes it perfect for everyday wear.
5252	Spectators were also introduced to Chinese calligraphy, the art of flower arrangement, the Chinese tea culture and music.
5253	Spend your day browsing through 140 exhibits covering everything from Chinese calligraphy to masterpieces by Italian painter Botticelli.
5254	Spiritual leader, New York Times bestselling author, and National Chinese calligraphy artist Dr & Master Zhi Gang Sha’s ‘Transformative Art’ 5000 NFTs sold out in a month on OpenSea, the largest NFT marketplace, in November.
5255	Spray a black brush tip around the hair's outline to hide it.
5256	Spray leave in conditioner on the mid lengths and ends of hair gently massaging into hair strands with downward strokes.
5257	Spray your screen again and use a squeegee in downward strokes, wiping it clean each time.
5258	Spread adhesive in horizontal strokes, using a notched trowel.
5259	Spread color with downward strokes of a sponge or a brush.
5260	Spring Festival couplets are often written with Chinese calligraphy.
5261	Sprung a lot of big runs in 2018 by getting out into space and creating great seal blocks.
5262	Staff members of the China-Laos Railway Luang Prabang Operation Management Center paste Chinese calligraphy Fu, which means good fortune, on doors in Luang Prabang, Laos, Jan.
5263	Staff-led sessions included crocheting, quiet reading, euchre, meditation, Chinese calligraphy, woodworking, and more.
5264	Stamford-headquartered Vineyard Vines has announced that it has been named “the official style” of the New England Patriots and their home venue Gillette Stadium.
5265	Standing inside the white tent under the scorching Sun, Tan said it is a pleasure to be able to present the traditional Chinese calligraphy to the public, especially to the younger generation in this fast-growing age, and to do their parts to help those in needy.
5266	Stands in the venue featured arts and crafts, including Chinese calligraphy.
5267	Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker director JJ Abrams has revealed that the movie's official script actually ended up on eBay.
5268	Start at the bottom and spread the adhesive in horizontal strokes, using a notched trowel.
5269	Start off on Upper Lascar Row, where you will see a fascinating mix of antiques and Chinese calligraphy dealers.
5270	Start with a few long horizontal strokes at the base of your brow, then fill in any sparse hairs by drawing short upward strokes in the direction of your natural hair growth.
5271	Starting her learning of Chinese calligraphy at three, Dongdong attributed her writing technique to her grandparents' nurture, chose "Four Treasures of Study" to represent her role and decorated her booth with well-written wish tags.
5272	Starting in the center of your face and working outward, blend onto skin using short downward strokes.
5273	Starting today, pledge as little as SEK 200 to get a hard copy edition of the book, or pledge SEK 500 or more to receive Lu's hand drew Chinese calligraphy, or pledge SEK 2000 or more to receive Lu's hand drew water-ink painting (size 33cm*33cm).
5274	Starting with upward strokes can help to lift the hair and make it easier to cut, and then you can follow up with downward strokes to get as close to the root as possible.
5275	State Representative Shri Thanedar (District-3) presented Mr. Hamad and AHRC with the great seal of the State of Michigan acknowledging AHRC’s services and advocacy on behalf of human rights, justice, and equality for all Americans.
5276	State media, which hues religiously to the official script, gave the sort of account normally reserved for visiting heads of state, imposing an entirely different subtext on Xi’s boiler-plate language about US-China cooperation.
5277	State media, which hues religiously to the official script, gave the sort of account normally reserved for visiting heads of state, imposing an entirely different subtext on Xi’s boilerplate language about U.S.-China cooperation.
5278	Steam your garment by running the steamer in downward strokes along the fabric to de-wrinkle.
5279	Stelae, a type of stone tablet bearing inscriptions and carvings, showed mortals and gods communing through a handshake.
5280	Step 4: Rinse the brush tip under running water until all of the shampoo is cleaned off.
5281	Step 6: Utilizing a mirror, additional verify and modify the sides to present a great seal across the face.
5282	Step Three: Rinse the brush tip under running water once again.
5283	Step Two: Fill a bowl with lukewarm water and add a squirt of baby shampoo or even antibacterial soap to the bowl and gently swirl your brush tip in the water.
5284	Step into the lavish world of China's Tang dynasty with Court Lady, a captivating Chinese drama that tells the love story of Sheng Chu Mu (Xu Kai) and Fu Rou (Li Yi Tong).
5285	Step into the lavish world of China’s Tang dynasty with Court Lady, a captivating Chinese drama that tells the love story of Sheng Chu Mu (Xu Kai) and Fu Rou (Li Yi Tong).
5286	Step one – Open the GLO vial, making sure to pull the cap off the vial, then squeeze a small amount of gel about a pea size onto the brush tip application and be sure to replace the cap onto the vial to keep the gel fresh.
5287	Steve Johnson, R-Wayland, would have required these agreements be signed by the governor, filed in the state Office of the Great Seal and with each chamber of the legislature and be posted on the Department of State’s website.
5288	Stila Stay All Day Waterproof Brow Color Stila Stay All Day Waterproof Brow Color has a micro-fine brush tip brow pen and is waterproof and transfer-proof.
5289	Still featuring an ultra-precise brush tip for easy application, anyone will be able to create any look imaginable on every eye shape making Tattoo Liner the perfect tool for everyone, from beginners to pros.
5290	Still, if you look up any picture of James Reese Europe today, you will inevitably be met with a bespectacled visage most dignified, the bald eagle of the Great Seal affixed to his brimmed officer's cap.
5291	Still, since it is an academic piece of writing, the essay ought to be in an official style.
5292	Still, until solid, verifiable proof is found — such as a tablet or inscription mentioning the site’s original name — this remains pure conjecture.
5293	Stimulate the penis from top to bottom with both fists descending one after the other, so that instead of an up-and-down motion, there is a continual downward stroke.
5294	Stone blocks and tablets carefully positioned amongst trees or on islands in the loch, carry thought-provoking inscriptions alluding to artists or philosophies and in one place a stone tablet, leaning against a lichen-covered birch tree, proclaims ‘Bring Back The Birch’.
5295	Stone carver Myles Cullen kneels to put the details on top of the Great Seal of Minneapolis, circa 1967.
5296	Stop by to learn Chinese calligraphy, paper cutting and crafts, and how to make dumplings, sushi, and dancing fans for Chinese traditional dance.
5297	Stores are offering Rooster-themed products, Chinese calligraphy or handing out treats in traditional red envelopes.
5298	Street artist and Atlanta native Brandon Sadler, who has created work for Marvel’s “Black Panther,” Disney and Google brings his Asian-inspired paintings and assemblages to the Westside’s FreeMarket gallery in “Beyond Time.” Graffiti writing and the inspiration of teaching in South Korea have been gateways to his current work which also focuses on text and the characters in Chinese calligraphy.
5299	Strict coronavirus lockdowns in Guatemala and El Salvador have so battered local economies that hundreds of families are flying white flags outside their homes or waving them in the street: not in surrender, but to seek food and assistance.
5300	Stripling then discovered the tablet and was able to translate its inscription.
5301	Strong provenance was recognized by Michaan’s fine art and Asian art buyers in March with the top lot, a 20th Century Chinese calligraphy piece, selling for $48,000.
5302	Students and community members write Chinese calligraphy during the Mid-Autumn Moon Festival put on by ADPIC in the Kate Buchanan Room on September 13.
5303	Students and community memebrs work on Chinese calligraphy druing the Mid-Autumn Moon Festival put on by ADPIC in the Kate Buchanan Room on September 13.
5304	Students and teachers show off their Chinese calligraphy after an event for the upcoming Chinese Lunar New Year, at Tsun Jin High School in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia on Friday.
5305	Students could learn how to write Japanese and Chinese calligraphy and there was a station for painting your own paper lantern.
5306	Students could participate in arts and crafts, where they could make paper lanterns, get balloon animals, get caricatures of themselves and their names written in Chinese calligraphy.
5307	Students from Hong Kong University join their hands and shout slogans near Chinese calligraphy on the floor outside their school in Hong Kong, Monday, Sept.
5308	Students from the Confucius Institute at the University of Dar es Salaam (UDSM) show Chinese calligraphy during a UN Chinese Language Day celebration in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, on April 19, 2022.
5309	Students from the Yanlu Martial Arts School in Dengfeng City, central China's Henan Province, put on a Shaolin martial arts performance to showcase Chinese Kungfu during the final of the 2020 Oracle Bone Inscriptions Cup "Chinese Characters and Me" Speech Contest for International Students in Zhengzhou on Nov.17, 2020.
5310	Students grind their own ink using an ink stick and a grinding stone and learn to hold and utilize brushes to create the primary sumi-e brush strokes.
5311	Students grind their own ink using an ink stick and a grinding stone and learn to hold and utilize brushes to create the primary sumi-e brushstrokes.
5312	Students learn the evolution of Chinese characters, the aesthetics of Chinese calligraphy and other basics of Chinese painting.
5313	Students learn to use Chinese calligraphy brushes during an event themed "Chinese Charm" at the Moscow State Institute of International Relations in Moscow, Russia, on March 3, 2023.
5314	Students learn to write Chinese calligraphy during an international cultural festival at the National University of Modern Languages (NUML) in Islamabad, capital of Pakistan on March 14, 2022.
5315	Students pose for a selfie with their Chinese calligraphy works during an event celebrating the upcoming UN Chinese Language Day at the Confucius Institute at the University of Johannesburg in Johannesburg, South Africa, on April 19, 2023.
5316	Students pose for photos with their Chinese calligraphy works during an event celebrating the upcoming UN Chinese Language Day at the Confucius Institute at the University of Johannesburg in Johannesburg, South Africa, on April 19, 2023.
5317	Students taught attendees multiple Chinese games and traditions like Mahjong, Chinese chess, Chinese yo-yo and Chinese calligraphy.
5318	Students then presented two large banners with Chinese calligraphy scrawled across them as a gift to MCI.
5319	Students watch an artist writing Chinese calligraphy in celebration of the Chinese Lunar New Year at the Confucius Institute of the Russian State University for the Humanities in Moscow, capital of Russia, Feb 3, 2023.
5320	Students will learn the origin of Chinese character (oracle bone scripts), historical evolution of Chinese characters, the development of Chinese calligraphy, language reform in China, the composition of Chinese characters, the classification of Chinese characters, Chinese characters’ writing rules, common character radicals, Chinese dictionary, the art of Chinese calligraphy, etc.
5321	Students write Chinese calligraphy during a New Year gala for Chinese and international youth in New York, the United States, Jan.
5322	Students write Chinese calligraphy during an event celebrating the upcoming UN Chinese Language Day at the Confucius Institute at the University of Johannesburg in Johannesburg, South Africa, on April 19, 2023.
5323	Students, during the course of the event, excelled their skills in the Chinese language to perform poetry and storytelling, they additionally performed traditional Chinese musical instruments, Chinese calligraphy, and martial arts.
5324	Studies have even shown that Chinese calligraphy relieves stress — which is critical because the average Apple factory worker puts in 55 hours per week on average.
5325	Study the art of Chinese calligraphy for a while.
5326	Stylistically, this bold, angular and rather strict form of calligraphy is characterized by short vertical and elongated horizontal strokes.
5327	Su Shi (8 January 1037 – 24 August 1101), also known as Su Tungpo, was a Chinese writer, poet, painter, calligrapher, pharmacologist, gastronome, and a statesman of the Song dynasty.
5328	Su Shi lived from 1037 until 1101 and was an esteemed scholar, writer, poet, painter, calligrapher and statesman - the Leonardo Da Vinci of his time.
5329	Su Shi, a household name in China, was an 11th-century scholar, statesman, poet, writer, calligrapher and artist whose painting style has influenced virtually every Chinese painter ever since, according to Mr Kim Yu, Christie's international senior specialist of Chinese paintings.
5330	Su Shi, a household name in China, was an 11th-century scholar, statesman, poet, writer, calligrapher and artist, whose painting style has influenced virtually every Chinese painter ever since, according to Kim Yu, Christie's international senior specialist of Chinese paintings.
5331	Su Shi, a household name in China, was an 11th-century scholar, statesman, poet, writer, calligrapher and artist, whose painting style has influenced virtually every Chinese painter ever since, according to Kim Yu, Christie’s international senior specialist of Chinese paintings.
5332	Su Shi, also known as Su Dongpo, is one of the most important cultural figures in Chinese history and was an esteemed scholar, poet, prose-writer, painter, calligrapher and statesman.
5333	Su Shi, also known as Su Dongpo, was one of the “Four Calligraphers of the Song Dynasty,” together with Cai Xiang, Huang Tingjian and Mi Fu.
5334	Submerge the molinillo completely and begin rubbing the whisk between your hands to help the tablet dissolve.
5335	Submitted by our founding fathers on the great seal of our people at the dawn of our nation.
5336	Subsequent generations who did not get instruction in cursive script are likely to find the fountain pen as mysterious as the rotary dial phone or the film camera.
5337	Such a great seal has sonic benefits, providing space for the MW07 Go to showcase a wide and detailed soundstage that's among the best I've heard from any wireless earbuds.
5338	Such accounts often post videos and pictures of women copying the Heart Sutra with a Chinese writing brush, worshiping at Buddhist temples, savoring tea and eating vegetarian food.
5339	Such as Chinese calligraphy writing, spring festival couplets, dumpling making, and other activities.
5340	Such crews use small sealskin boats, and when he was a young boy, he sat at the back, but as he grew in seniority, he moved up toward the front where he could shoot the harpoon.
5341	Such exacerbated wealth inequality is often described by some Western economists as a "K-shaped recovery." The upward and downward strokes of the letter K are compared to how the wealthy and the poor would bounce back after in the post-recession period.
5342	Such ink slabs usually have hollows where the ink was rubbed and traces of blackish residue.
5343	Such is the case, the U.S. government says, with the object it seized in September, the Gilgamesh Dream Tablet, a 6-by-5-inch object in clay from around the 16th century B.C., on which cuneiform inscriptions tell the story of one of the world’s earliest epics.
5344	Suddenly it was possible to see spots where the dove-grey paint had flaked off, revealing traces of Chinese calligraphy.
5345	Sully is featured in a sitting position holding a leash in his mouth and wears a VetDog’s service vest with a Great Seal of the United States on its back.
5346	Sully will be featured in a sitting position holding a leash in his mouth, which depicts the "retrieve" command, and will be wearing a VetDog's service vest with the Great Seal of the United States on its back.
5347	Sully will be featured in a sitting position holding a leash in his mouth, which depicts the “retrieve” command, and will be wearing a VetDog’s service vest with the Great Seal of the United States on its back.
5348	Sultan of Johor, Sultan Ibrahim Sultan Iskandar, (right) is presented with a Chinese calligraphy painting after officiating this year’s Johor Baru Chingay parade.
5349	Supplies will be available for sculpture, coloring, figure drawing, Chinese calligraphy, origami, collage, button making, book binding, knitting and pottery painting.
5350	Sure, they're effectively still NPCs running scripts within the game events Hiro stumbles between, but they're so effective at what they do that it's hard not to be entertained anyway.
5351	Surprisingly, the default medium tips provided a great seal for me, even though I usually reach for the large tips right away.
5352	Surveillance video captured a distinct tattoo on the man's forearm that appears to read "Chevrolet" in cursive script.
5353	Suzhou always reminds people of human traditions and exquisite life,the first thing that came to my mind subconsciously was the weaving elements of bamboo.The messy line devices, such as the flowing sand pen of cursive script, or perhaps a pile of dry straw in autumn field, decorated and softened the space naturally and kindly by the repeated deliberation of the art team.
5354	Sweeping policy changes are to boost business and this will positively impact the Four Treasures of the Study market.
5355	Swim University also recommends some household items that can be used for pool cleaning: baking soda, bleach, muriatic acid, borax, olive oil, white vinegar, lemon juice, rubbing alcohol, and vitamin C tablets.
5356	Swirl each brush tip in the bowl.
5357	Synthetic bamboo shoots stretch in a row by one of the tables, while Chinese calligraphy scrolls and tea-making paraphernalia are displayed on the walls.
5358	System delivers controlled, consistent movements from the handle to brush tips, producing gentle micro-vibrations for a more enjoyable experience and efficiently transferring more energy directly to the bristle tips.
5359	Systemic delays were added to the pianist's 'downbeats' - the hypothetical downward strokes of a conductor's baton on the first beat of a bar.
5360	Systemic delays were added to the pianist’s ‘downbeats’ – the hypothetical downward strokes of a conductor’s staff on the first beat of a measure.
5361	T he Great Seal of the United States proclaims that the American founding is a novus ordo seclorum, a “new order of the ages.” On the one hand, the Constitution of 1787 was indeed a remarkable achievement, establishing a new commonwealth intended to protect the natural rights of all citizens.
5362	TCNJ fueled Ford’s interest in the Chinese language and culture by providing him opportunities to study Chinese calligraphy and philosophy, rock and roll in post-Mao China, and global Kungfu cinema.
5363	TIMES OF ISRAEL – If Ben Franklin had his way, the Great Seal of the United States might have featured Moses instead of a bald eagle.
5364	TMR forecasts the global automotive battery market to be valued at US$54.5 bn by 2022 with an estimated 5.7% CAGR during the forecast period of 2017 to 2022.With a 38.0% revenue share achieved in 2017, small sealed lead acid (SSLA) segment is predicted to lead the market on the basis of chemical composition.
5365	TMZ obtained photos of Bhad Bhabie's new ink, which reads "Le Vaughn" in red cursive script, on the left side of her chest … between her shoulder and breast.
5366	TOKYO: For centuries, hanko or handcrafted name seals have been an integral part of Japan’s culture.
5367	TOP STORIES IN TECH ROCKY HORROR Inscription on mystery stone finally decoded to reveal grim truth about murder Warning PET HATE How TikTok has become a hotbed of animal cruelty as thugs PUNCH helpless dogs DREAM STREAM Netflix trialling £2.99 plan – but it only works on smartphones or tablets HOT AND BOTHERED Instagram model says she was BANNED from Tinder for being 'too hot' BOOKED!
5368	Tables will show Chinese calligraphy and crafts, and there will be Chinese snacks and tea for sampling.
5369	Tabletop Rubbing Alcohol Fire Pit Amazon Tabletop Rubbing Alcohol Fire Pit This concrete fire pit is unique because it's designed to use Isopropyl alcohol (or rubbing alcohol) to fuel its flames.
5370	Tablets, inscriptions and reliefs of Persepolis mirror many historical and geographical features as well as customs of the ancient Iran.
5371	Taijeron's petition asks Guam's elected leaders to correct or improve the image of the sailing canoe in the Great Seal of Guam, the flag of Guam and all GovGuam media.
5372	Taijeron, who has also done environmental cleanups, launched an online petition asking Guam's elected officials to correct or improve the image of the sailing canoe on the Great Seal of Guam, the flag of Guam and all GovGuam media.
5373	Tajik Kakhoro Avzalsho shows his Chinese calligraphy work at the China University of Petroleum in Qingdao, east China's Shandong Province, June 13, 2019.
5374	Take about 30 steps from that driveway and you’ll reach American soil: the residence of the U.S. consul general to Vancouver, complete with U.S. flag and the Great Seal of the United States on the front gate.
5375	Take the YouTube or Netflix websites for example: when watching a video in touch mode with the iPad as a tablet, you can’t preview sections of a video by scrubbing unless you touch the screen.
5376	Taking in consideration the decrypting results of the seven hieroglyphs, the inscription on the Tartaria rectangular tablet with middle hole, could be as follows: “(I am) Abhijit, very devoted priest of Radiant God Brahma, priest of God Vishnu and Goddess Aditi”.
5377	Taking place from 9am-12pm, this drop-in event will include opportunities to try your hand at Tai Chi and traditional crafts said to bring good luck and good fortune, as well as a chance to learn the art of Chinese calligraphy.
5378	Taking place outdoors, the activities included Chinese calligraphy and painting exhibitions, traditional games, a Chinese traditional medicine embroidery workshop, and a Chinese tea ceremony.
5379	Taking the dishwasher tablet, I dipped it into the water and began scrubbing the grime.
5380	Taking their cue from the format they are mostly composed of vertical strokes parallel to the canvas edge.
5381	Taking to Twitter on Saturday, October 31, she unveiled a permanent cursive script that read "Jack" etched on her wrist.
5382	Taking to Twitter on Saturday, October 31, she unveiled a permanent cursive script that read “Jack” etched on her wrist.
5383	Tale trail: On Friday, First Lady Fran DeWine and Ohio Department of Natural Resources Director Mary Mertz launched Ohio’s sixth Storybook Trail at Great Seal State Park in Chillicothe.
5384	Talib, also known by his Chinese friends as Mu Zhiyan, hung a Chinese lantern at the house of his Chinese friend and stuck a Chinese calligraphy “Fu” on his door to express his wish of happiness and blessing to all Chinese in their festival despite that he had never been in China.
5385	Tampermonkey is the Edge (and Chrome) equivalent of Greasemonkey, with millions of scripts to change the look and feel of sites or add features (you'll want to be cautious with random scripts, as there are security implications to running scripts from unknown sources).
5386	Tampermonkey top features include automatic update checks, an intuitive display of running scripts, plus browser and cloud storage sync.
5387	Tang Jiali, Wu Haiyan and Li Ying also scored for China.
5388	Tang Jingyuan believes that behind the hype of the Li Yifeng incident may also involve factional struggle within the CCP.
5389	Tang Jingyuan, the host of the independent commentator “Foresight Quick Review”: “The incident of Li Yifeng’s whoring of prostitutes happened at least half a month ago.
5390	Tang Jingyuan, the host of the independent commentator “Foresight Quick Review”: “The main reason why they do this is that the government hopes to use the hype of Li Yifeng’s sex scandal to divert the focus of public opinion on a series of major adverse events at home and abroad.
5391	Tang Yinan, a first-grade student of Chengwai Primary School, has just turned 7 years old and is the youngest “calligrapher” on the scene.
5392	Tarun Preet Singh from the Sikh Association of WA (SAWA) says the ledger, which is 100 to 120 years old, contains records written in Gurmukhi - the official script of the Punjabi language used in Punjabi, India.
5393	Taste some dim sum and take a sip of Chinese tea and experience Chinese calligraphy as well as traditional Chinese painting.
5394	Tattooed on her left wrist, in cursive script, are the words “Never Forget”.
5395	Taught by a champion calligrapher who enjoys sharing her love of Chinese calligraphy.
5396	Tea has gained widespread popularity since the Tang Dynasty and the Song Dynasty (960-1279), especially in literary circles, including with the famous Chinese poets Bai Juyi, Su Shi, Lu You and Huang Tingjian, who all wrote poems about tea.
5397	Teachers from the University of Malaya’s Kong Zi Institute taught guests Chinese calligraphy and paper cutting.
5398	Teachers of six Confucius Institutes from London, Oxford and Nottingham brought different workshops showcasing traditional Chinese culture, covering Chinese calligraphy, paper folding, paper painting and rubbing, Chinese opera face painting and Chinese Kongfu, among other activities.
5399	Teams can then use Kandji to mitigate the vulnerability by upgrading and blocking apps, and running scripts to uninstall apps.
5400	Teenagers have the opportunity to try their hand at stamp-making and Chinese calligraphy this Friday during a unique workshop being held in Valletta.
5401	Teeth whiteners can come in the form of gel-coated strips or gel-filled syringes, or pens with brush tips used to paint on the whitening fluid directly onto the tooth.
5402	Teh shows off some of the tools he uses to create his art including Chinese calligraphy brushes.
5403	Teigen and Legend both have "jack" inked in delicate cursive script on the inside of their right wrists, in memory of the son they lost in September in the midst of Teigen's pregnancy.
5404	Teigen shared the photo of the new tattoo which features Jack’s name written in cursive script on her wrist.
5405	Teigen's says "ChrissyLunaMiles," while Legend's says, "JohnLunaMiles," both written in the same cursive script.
5406	Teigen, 34, shared a photo on Halloween to her Instagram stories, and later on Twitter, of her new tattoo, simply reading “Jack” in cursive script.
5407	Tell me your dream, and I will draw my interpretation of the dream on the back of your hand using Chinese ink and brush to create Chinese calligraphy.
5408	Ten lucky people will find small sealed jewelry boxes to be opened by Mr. Simon.
5409	Ten more stamps will show various fruits and vegetables, and a set of four stamps will simply spell out “Thank You” in elaborate cursive script and gold foil.
5410	Tepti-ahar, the last ruler of the Kidinuid period (1460-1400 BC), known from inscriptions on bricks, a sale contract from Susa, and a text said to be from Malamir (in Lorestan Province), is mentioned on approximately 55 of the Haft-Tappeh tablets, bearing the title “king of Susa and Anshan”.
5411	Text in an ancient style of writing called bird-worm seal script is engraved on two sides of the hilt.
5412	Thankfully, the species has mounted a comeback to 10,000 nesting pairs and is no longer classified as threatened, much less endangered — a striking success story of conservation and federal protection for the bird of prey that graces the nation’s Great Seal.
5413	Thanks again to K Didde, who agrees, when in doubt, stab them in the neck with a Bic pen you've removed the ink stick from.
5414	Thanks to its flexible felt brush tip, you can use the liner to create designs on your face beyond a dramatic cat eye, sport some faux freckles by lightly dotting and tapping the brown liner around your upper cheeks or use it as a pen to outline or enhance your costume makeup design.
5415	That Great Seal of Georgia that Ben Fortson sat on so long ago is inscribed “Wisdom, Justice, Moderation.” Above the Georgia Supreme Court bench, a Latin inscription proclaims, “Fiat Justitia, Ruat Caelum” — the rule of law, though the heavens fall.
5416	That Rockstar would want to protect GTA Online is understandable—and some recent trouble with people running scripts online shows that something needs to be done.
5417	That afternoon, you'll have the opportunity to learn Chinese calligraphy and make your own one-of-a-kind stamp.
5418	That being said, if you do want to smooth chi with an evening gua sha, you'll want to use downward strokes to encourage blood flow in that direction.
5419	That day, at the plantation’s visitor center, I studied a list of slaves, the names rendered in tiny cursive script: “John,” “Margaret,” and “Betsy Brown, her child Ellen,” the scant detail heartbreaking.
5420	That directly transformed in Sindhu’s downward strokes losing the bite and a similar pattern emerged against Yamaguchi once the rallies began to get longer.
5421	That gap invites a downward stroke, but that downward stroke could easily kick-start a wave of profit-taking once the recent buyers see it take shape.
5422	That gave way to the question of how to incorporate other things into my style and that's when I started looking into East because of their rich history of calligraphy in Persian, Ottoman, Japanese and Chinese calligraphy styles.
5423	That is why the Great Seal of the United States, designed by the Continental Congress, shows the Eye of Providence watching over the unfinished 13-tier pyramid symbolizing America.
5424	That is why the second bill ever signed by President George Washington, after adopting the Great Seal of the United States, was a 5 percent tariff on basically all imports.
5425	That it took 214 years into the life of the republic to pass legislation with “national goals” suggests that “e pluribus unum” is easier to put on our great seal than it is to make operational in a system designed to diffuse authority over governance, curriculum, and finance.
5426	That means she's got the best cursive script of all the sixth graders in the country who entered.
5427	That means the offense is running scripted plays to see how they look.
5428	That one was written in calligraphy, framed and sealed with the Great Seal of the Realm.
5429	That said, if your head is smaller, you might have trouble getting a great seal because the earcups are a little large (we discuss this problem in the Flaws but not dealbreakers section).
5430	That said, the Cold War is rife with stories of Soviet intelligence ingenuity, including a replica Great Seal of the United States containing a sophisticated, pencil-sized resonating device they gave U.S. Ambassador George Kennan in 1952.
5431	That said, the technology is improving all the time, and Samsung will need to do more than providing a great seal to compete with its rivals.
5432	That same floor — whose walls feature Chinese calligraphy and a painting of the Ruins of St.
5433	That slice of everyday misery and legislative action is outlined in exquisite cursive script on the linen pages of a 1779 journal containing the original minutes of the bicameral Revolutionary General Assembly — today's state Legislature.
5434	That special sentiment, “Out of Many, One,” is engraved on the scroll that is held in the mouth of the eagle on the Great Seal.
5435	That was Logan’s cue to stop reading from the official script and start telling the truth.
5436	That was it, he came to Vancouver.” In retirement, he took up Chinese calligraphy and carving.
5437	That wasn’t all, as she was dripping in gold chains, many of which bore her name in cursive script.
5438	That would amount to living in a small sealed box and can't be acceptable.
5439	That, at least, is the official script.
5440	That’s how the song begins, three seconds of feedback, and then staccato hits on the cymbal, a downward stroke of the guitar strings and some kind of vomited lyricism.
5441	That’s one thing special about the ad,” Surendranath added.Surendranath shared that there wasn’t really a formal script for the ad.
5442	That’s the running script at the moment, when it gets released, that’s going to be next year.
5443	That’s why I injected Arabic and Chinese calligraphy codes.
5444	That’s why the Latin phrase “E pluribus unum” — “out of many, one” — appears on the Great Seal of the United States, which was adopted in 1782.
5445	Thayer Tolles wrote in a 2013 article for the Metropolitan Museum of Art’s Museum Journal, “The Chair of State was deliberately oversized to emphasize both the power of the presidential office and the gravity of the political moment, serving a symbolic rather than practical function,” with the frontal low-relief American eagle inspired by the Great Seal of the United States.
5446	The "Eye of Providence" above the unfinished pyramid — this symbol makes up one half of the United States' Great Seal.
5447	The "substantial" discoveries amounted to 144 small sealed bags of ketamine and 414 small sealed bags of cocaine which were split between the two larger holdalls.
5448	The $0 parameter is reserved and predefined as the name of the running script and cannot be used for any other purpose.
5449	The $1 note in the art project continues to show George Washington and elements from the Great Seal of the United States.
5450	The $16.90 stamp features a Chinese calligraphy painting by Zeng Fan.
5451	The $8 liner pen has a brush tip and comes with a small stencil that slides right into the cap.
5452	The --eval and --exec options allow running scripts against gRPC servers without the grpcc repl being activated.
5453	The 10-episode pickup, which had been in the works for weeks, marks the first official scripted series order since PTVS President Nicole Clemens added a senior role at the streamer as President, Paramount+ Original Scripted Series.
5454	The 10mm dynamic drivers have been tuned for detail, and the multiple sizes of silicone ear tips should ensure listeners get a great seal – meaning better bass.
5455	The 11th-century poem “Poem Written in a Boat on the Wu River,” by the Chinese artist, poet and calligrapher Mi Fu, offers a particularly artistic reading of the ink, where the calligraphied characters take on aesthetic value beyond their simple drawing.
5456	The 1782 Great Seal of the United States is loaded with Illuminati symbolism.
5457	The 1782 Great Seal of the United States is loaded with Illuminatisymbolism.
5458	The 18-piece set features cool brush tips for the perfect stroke.
5459	The 18-year-old put up a better fight in the second game, as he attempted to keep the rallies longer and play more downward strokes, in a bid to reduce the number of smash opportunities for Sen.
5460	The 18th Calligrapher Sage Culture Festival held in Linyi city of east China’s Shandong province has shown charm of Chinese calligraphy while further promoted the city’s tourism with rich cultural connotation.
5461	The 1936 16¢ Great Seal of the United States airmail special delivery stamp has one of the most striking and colorful designs of the era.
5462	The 1991 Mount Rushmore commemorative silver dollar uses the Great Seal as an inset on a reverse that also depicts the motto over the denomination.
5463	The 20 Years of Passion in Calligraphy, Painting & Photography exhibition will be held from November 21 to 23 at Hong Kong Central Library, showcasing more than 300 artworks including Chinese calligraphy and paintings, Western paintings and photographs by 160 retired educators.
5464	The 2012 letters, hand written in neat cursive script from behind the walls of NSW's Goulburn Supermax prison, include Milat describing in gruesome detail how he sliced off his own finger in protest at not being allowed a laptop in his cell.
5465	The 2017 ornament is a representation of the Great Seal of Mercer County.
5466	The 2018 Love stamp is captioned “Love Forever” and bears Anna Bond’s illustration of a fanciful garden of colorful flowers surrounding the word “Love” written in cursive script.
5467	The 2019 edition of PaintShop adds 10 new predefined color schemes, 10 new brush tips, and 10 new gradient patterns.
5468	The 23-year-old took to Instagram to show off his latest arm tattoo, which is written in black cursive script.
5469	The 230-pound bell, molded in the "American" style of the Liberty Bell, is personalized with the Medina County name, forging date, the Great Seal of Ohio and the Bicentennial logo.
5470	The 24-year-old is no stranger to body art, and also has the words "It's a mystery" in cursive script on one of her fingers - a tribute to her mother as well as a reference to a scene in the 1998 film, Shakespeare in Love.
5471	The 250 exhibits range from items of distinguished pedigree, such as the Burse for the Great Seal of England, composed of silk, silver thread, sequins and glass beads - used by Elizabeth I's Lord Chancellor - to playful high-fashion confections.
5472	The 26.3-centimeter-long and 53.8-centimeter-wide running-cursive script by Wang Xizhi contains 42 characters in six lines, in which he expressed his grief when hearing Lady Wei, who he called “yimu” (aunt), passed away.
5473	The 28-year-old has been a Chinese calligraphy student for the past six years.
5474	The 31st season of the longest running scripted primetime show in television history will premiere on November 6 in the UK.
5475	The 34-year-old Sports Illustrated Swimsuit model tweeted out a picture of her arm with the tattoo that read Jack in cursive script, according to People magazine in a piece published Sunday.
5476	The 3M 8210 is an easy breathing N95 with straps around your head and neck for a great seal.
5477	The 40 letters of the proto-Hebrew inscription on the tablet is centuries older than any Hebrew text discovered in ancient Israel.
5478	The 49-year-old had her family’s names inked on her right forearm in a cursive script font that spelled out "Sharrieff, Omar, Sharrieff." The song "Everything" by R&B singer Mary J.
5479	The 5-by-6-inch tablet, known as the Gilgamesh Tablet, features inscriptions in Sumerian which is the language of the ancient Mesopotamian people and is considered one of the world’s oldest religious texts.
5480	The 7 illustration markers have different tip sizes, including 005, 01, 03, 05, 08, chisel, and brush tips for precise strokes while writing or sketching.
5481	The 7-foot-3-inch length still allowed that downward stroke, but it also gave me ample ability to make longer casts when needed.
5482	The 76ers playoff logo now showcases “Philadelphia” in cursive script, representing the signing of the Declaration of Independence.
5483	The AEC addressed a similar claim on Twitter responding that “it is not a requirement that it (the Great Seal) be on the writ”.
5484	The Alternative Story’s DIY-style podcast (there’s no production budget, formal scripting or editing) on Soundcloud was started on a similar principle.
5485	The American Bald Eagle, derived from the Great Seal of the United States, represents the inviolable sovereignty, strength, and spirit of our Nation.
5486	The American Dental Association recommends holding the toothbrush at a 45-degree angle away from the gums and brushing in short, downward strokes.
5487	The American Founders gave us universal principles in the Declaration of Independence, the Great Seal and the Constitution.
5488	The American Institute of Architects has criticized the GSA practice and the notion of an official style or a ban on certain types of architecture.
5489	The American Institute of Architects said it "unequivocally opposes" the initiative, while critics have called it "undemocratic" for the government to impose an official style on architects.
5490	The American bald eagle became our national symbol in June of 1782 when Charles Thomson, then secretary of Congress, decided to incorporate the bird into William Barton’s design for the Great Seal of the United States.
5491	The American founding fathers originally used the unofficial national motto e pluribus unum, Latin for “out of many, one.” The motto was first proposed by Benjamin Franklin, Thomas Jefferson, and John Adams in 1776 as part of the design for the Great Seal of the United States.
5492	The Americana at Brand event will include traditional lion dances, a performance by Culture Shock L.A., and Chinese calligraphy demonstrations.
5493	The Anova sealer doesn't come with the bells and whistles of some of the other models we tested, but it's a great sealer if you're looking for a step above zipper top bags for sous vide or simple meal prep.
5494	The Arena of Valor designed several characters while adapting Chinese cultural elements and organized offline activities to allow players to experience Chinese calligraphy and Spring Festival conventions.
5495	The Argentine great sealed an unexpected move to the Parc des Princes after failing to agree a deal with Barcelona and has scored three goals for the club so far, with each of them coming in the UEFA Champions League.
5496	The Armenian Students Association of Pasadena City College were teaching guests how to write their name in Armenian and Brian Chan was showcasing the art of Chinese calligraphy.
5497	The Artmap utilizes a bespoke algorithm to extract travel data from over 600 million annual flights, then animates a Chinese calligraphy painting by mapping that data.
5498	The Associates for Biblical Research (ABR) announced the inscription of the "Defixio" or "Curse Tablet" in a press conference held on last Thursday at the Lanier Theological Library in Houston, Texas.
5499	The Austin Chinese Culture Festival features 11 high schools from the greater Austin area showcasing marital arts, Chinese calligraphy and paintings.
5500	The BBC asked him to duplicate the Great Seal Bug — the device the Russians used to listen covertly to the US ambassador for seven years in 1945.
5501	The Basic Instinct and Ratched star accessorized with a few chunky bands on her right hand and a slender gold chain, which draped across her decolletage and disappeared into her cleavage.
5502	The Beijing 2022 organizing committee BOCOG on Thursday released on a New Year's Eve gala 30 pictograms for the Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games, which are inspired by Chinese calligraphy and seal carving.
5503	The Ben Gurion researchers named their technique the Little Seal Bug in an homage to a notorious Cold War espionage incident known as the Great Seal Bug: In 1945, the USSR gave a gift of a wooden seal placard displaying the US coat of arms to the embassy in Moscow, which was discovered years later to contain an RFID spy bug that was undetectable to bug sweepers of that time.
5504	The Bengaluru-based independent researcher has been on a quest to decipher the mysteries of the Indus Valley Civilisation and had in past deciphered inscriptions of the ancient civilisation indicating that seals and tablets were formalised data-carriers that used both document-specific and linguistic syntaxes to convey messages.
5505	The Berkshire race course released the style guide for this years meeting, which takes place from 19th to 23rd June this year and bosses have introduce official style advice for the first time for the Windsor and Village enclosures.
5506	The Biebs has yet to reveal exactly what the tattoo is, but McCurdy says Bieber has delicate "little words" in cursive script above his right eyebrow—and that his wife Hailey Baldwin got a tattoo to match.
5507	The Bigan Temple is regarded as the spiritual home for all Chinese people around the world surnamed Lin, because it keeps a stone tablet, carved in 1538, which clearly recorded how the family name Lin got started.
5508	The BlueSound Pulse Flex 2i manages to squeeze a lot of power into a rather small sealed cabinet.
5509	The Brush cursor is usually set by default to the standard outline of the brush tip, which changes size as you increase or decrease the brush size.
5510	The Burial Tree Watchdog will also spin on a dime, so you need to time your dodges for any downward strokes almost perfectly to avoid it tracking you and smashing you into the ground with its massive blade.
5511	The CDNJS infrastructure also includes a feature to automate library updates by running scripts on the server to download relevant files from the user-managed Git repository or npm package registry.
5512	The CEMS has added a sixth team this year after a tablet was found in the Bhabha Atomic Research Centre bearing inscriptions of Hambirrao, dating back to 12th or 13th century.
5513	The CFPB also said it sent mailers to about 200,000 consumers about its reverse mortgages that had an eagle resembling the Great Seal of the United States.
5514	The COVID-19 Pandemic Memorial Grove at Great Seal State Park in Chillicothe includes a grove of 15 newly planted trees surrounding a paved trail.
5515	The COVID-19 Pandemic Memorial Grove at Great Seal State Park in Chillicothe includes a grove of 15 newly-planted trees surrounding a paved trail.
5516	The COVID-19 Pandemic Memorial Grove is located at Great Seal State Park in Ross County, Ohio.
5517	The COVID-19 pandemic Memorial Grove at Great Seal State Park Includes a grove of 15 newly planted trees surrounding a paved trail, benches will be added to allow visitors to comfortably reflect on the toll of the pandemic on our lives lost, pay tribute to courageous frontline workers and recognize the selfless actions of Ohioans.
5518	The Celtic Trinity Knot love necklace is a symbol with no beginning or end, while the Chinese Love Necklace is a simple and delicate disc bearing the Chinese calligraphy character for love.
5519	The Chargers also recognized her with a decal on the back of their helmets, a pink circle with “Faye” printed in black cursive script.
5520	The Charter of the University (College) of the West Indies was officially passed under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, the panoply of the university’s dignitaries have included The Visitor.
5521	The China Cultural Centre is holding a series of courses introducing these calligraphy styles, starting from the ‘clerical script’ (Li).
5522	The China Xuan Paper Museum, located in Jingxian county, has an experience center where tourists can witness the steps of making Xuan paper.
5523	The Chinese Calligraphy Society of Singapore and Singapore Cultural Studies Society are jointly presenting a solo Chinese calligraphy exhibition featuring 100 works by Professor Tan Siah Kwee, a Cultural Medallion recipient.
5524	The Chinese Community Center also offers Asian Heritage Tours that focus on experiences like dumpling making, Chinese calligraphy, tai chi, tea tasting and herbology.
5525	The Chinese Cultural Club presented a banner covered in bold Chinese calligraphy and invited passersby to try traditional interlocking wooden puzzles.
5526	The Chinese NGO stressed that Bahasa Melayu should remain in Rumi as the official script, in line with Article 152 of the Federal Constitution and Section 9 of the National Language Act.
5527	The Chinese artist Zhu Yong talking to APP said that Ink wash painting uses tonality and shading achieved by varying the ink density, both by differential grinding of the ink stick in water and by varying the ink load and pressure within a single brushstroke.
5528	The Chinese calligraphy greeting translates to, “May your blessings prosper and continuously forge ahead, furiously, in the Year of the Tiger.” To all our old and new friends, may your year be filled with good health and many blessings!
5529	The Chinese cultural celebration at Wo Hing Museum & Cookhouse features a variety of free activities between 4 and 7 p.m. Cultural activities for all ages include: Chinese calligraphy with Mingfang Qi, the art of Chinese knot tying with Brenda Wong.
5530	The Chinese department’s table distributed egg rolls and became a temporary home to students practicing Chinese calligraphy on bright red paper.
5531	The Chinese women scored all five of their goals in the first half with Wang Shanshan scoring a brace and Tang Jiali, Wu Haiyan and Li Ying adding one apiece to secure their second win from as many matches in the third round of the Olympic Qualifiers.
5532	The Church’s official style guide has been adjusted, along with its principal website: ChurchofJesusChrist.org.
5533	The Clan Campbell chief the Duke of Argyll is a Knight of the Garter and the Thistle, Keeper of the Great Seal of Scotland, and Constable and Governor of Windsor Castle.
5534	The Collector’s Edition will come with an official art book and official script book, along with a vinyl LP and T-shirt.
5535	The Colony’s team collaborated with de Gournay on a pattern depicting flora and fauna indigenous to South Florida, meticulously painted on custom pink Edo Xuan paper.
5536	The Columbia Tribune reports the pieces, more than 100 years old, were part of a stone depiction of the Great Seal of Missouri.
5537	The Commons' action was eventually enshrined in statute: "no Pardon under the Great Seal of England be pleadable to an Impeachment by the Commons in Parliament".
5538	The Confucius Institute also makes full use of Chinese traditional festivals, such as the Mid-Autumn Festival and the Spring Festival, to hold lion dances, Tai Chi performances, Chinese calligraphy demonstrations, cheongsam displays, and other Chinese cultural performances, so that Brazilians can get close to China and Chinese culture.
5539	The Confucius Institute at the University of Southern Maine hosted an opportunity for members of the public to try their hand at Chinese calligraphy as part of the Chinese New Year celebration last Saturday in Westbrook.
5540	The Confucius Institute for Scotland hosts this five-week online course on the art of traditional Chinese calligraphy, held over Zoom.
5541	The Conroe High School Chinese Club will teach Chinese calligraphy, and the College Park NHS Chinese Club will be helping with several art projects, games and more to celebrate.
5542	The Conservative MP for Cheltenham holds this role as Secretary of State for Justice, and is formally the Keeper of the Great Seal.
5543	The Constitutional Convention of 1849 adopted the Great Seal of the State of California, which also depicts the grizzly.
5544	The Contest commemorates the 125th year Anniversary of the Great Seal of the State of Wyoming.
5545	The Continental Congress did give symbolic meaning to the colors on the Great Seal and they soon were applied to the flag itself.
5546	The Continental Congress’s work on the Great Seal was begun just hours after the adoption of the Declaration.
5547	The Copic Markers are double-ended, with a broad chisel tip on one end and a fine brush tip on the other.
5548	The Cultural Heritage Administration announced in June that it will designate Daegunjubo, the last great seal of the Joseon dynasty, as the national treasure.
5549	The Culture Fair and Taste of China showcases traditional folk arts displays, authentic Chinese calligraphy, Craft, Dragon Dance, Lion Dance, a free, delicious Chinese New Year refreshments and much more.
5550	The Devils’ NJ logo on the Lunar New Year-themed jersey was designed using Chinese calligraphy.
5551	The Discovery Center of Springfield will host a celebration of the Chinese New Year tomorrow (1/28) from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Build a pagoda, make a Chinese lantern, practice Chinese calligraphy, learn about fireworks and more.
5552	The Dred Scott decision was written only ten years after the Great Seal was adopted by the state of Iowa.
5553	The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have signalled they are to stick to the official script during their flying visit to Britain for the Platinum Jubilee, avoiding "surprise" private events that might overshadow the Queen's celebration.
5554	The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have signalled they are to stick to the official script during their flying visit to Britain for the Platinum Jubilee, avoiding “surprise” private events that might overshadow the Queen’s celebration.
5555	The ET Prime report also mentions that political parties are running scripts to run on top of WhatsApp to read what users in political groups are saying, so as to gauge public sentiment.
5556	The Elgato Stream Deck is one of the most popular tools for this, with 15 programmable LCD keys that can be customized to launch certain apps, running scripts, or integrating directly with the apps you're using.
5557	The Enova Cosmetics Gel Polish comes in a spill-proof tube with a brush tip applicator.
5558	The Eye of Providence also appears on the reverse side of the Great Seal of the United States.
5559	The FBI describes Crimo as being white, thin, with brown hair and several face tattoos, including tally marks on his right cheek, cursive script on his left eyebrow and red roses with green leaves on his neck.
5560	The FTC alleges mailers sent to consumers were labeled “URGENT: COVID-19 ECONOMIC AUTOMOTIVE STIMULUS PROGRAM RELIEF FUNDS AVAILABLE" and included an watermark of the Great Seal of the United States.
5561	The FTC said Jeansonne and Traffic Jam Events are not providing "important COVID-19 stimulus information or stimulus relief, including stimulus checks" and that they are not approved or permitted to use the Great Seal.
5562	The February 1908 document written in cursive script and signed by six men laid out the few findings of a coroner’s jury investigation into the shooting death of famed sheriff Pat Garrett.
5563	The Federal Executive Handbook outlines when the Great Seal must be used and makes no mention of assigning a seal to election writs.
5564	The Fifty Shades of Grey director opted for her spouse's name in cursive script, which the 54-year-old had etched delicately on her collarbone by celebrity tattoo artist Dr. Woo.
5565	The Foreo Issa is a silicone brush with a sleek and unusual look, but owner reviews on the Sephora site suggest that the all-silicone brush tips lack the ability to clean as thoroughly as plastic bristles.
5566	The Founders challenged each generation, with the unfinished pyramid on the Great Seal, to identify problems and contribute solutions for them.
5567	The Founders were learned folk, as were many of their descendents, who agreed to designate three simple words, E pluribus unum, as part of the Great Seal of the United States.
5568	The Founding Fathers promoted him to the Great Seal of his day.
5569	The Four Treasures of the Study Market Report provides comprehensive data on market dynamics, market trends, product growth rate, and price.
5570	The Four Treasures of the Study Market Watch also provides a comprehensive overview of the major retailers operating in the target market.
5571	The Four Treasures of the Study Market has been examined into different global market segments such as type, applications, and global geographies.
5572	The Four Treasures of the Study Market report consists of the Competitive Landscape section which provides a complete and in-depth analysis of current market trends, changing technologies, and enhancements that are of value to companies competing in the market.
5573	The Four Treasures of the Study market is also globally recognized for its super productive and ever-efficient functioning.
5574	The Four Treasures of the Study market report has various facts and statistics assuming the future predictions of the upcoming market participants.
5575	The Four Treasures of the Study report also includes detailed production data such as interview log, gross margins, shipping, and business distribution, which can help the consumer understand the competitive landscape.
5576	The Four Treasures of the Study report also provides an in-depth analysis of the research methodology and approach, data sources and authors of the study.
5577	The Fox-North Coalition lasted only a few months, until in exasperation George consigned the Great Seals of State to more trusted hands, and employed patronage inducements to gain support for his inexperienced First Minister.
5578	The Franklin Institute says the false story began circulating as a result of a letter he wrote to his daughter critiquing the original design of the Great Seal.
5579	The GPO maintains an official style guide of names, nicknames, titles, spellings, etc.
5580	The Garden of Cultivation was first built in 1541 and was later purchased in 1621 by Wen Zhenheng, grandson of Wen Zhengming who designed the Humble Administrator's Garden.
5581	The Gilgamesh Dream Tablet gets its name because its inscription describes the story's hero telling his mother about recent dreams.
5582	The Gilgamesh Tablet, which features inscriptions in Sumerian, is considered one of the world’s oldest religious texts.
5583	The Gilgamesh tablet is a 3,500-year-old clay tablet containing inscriptions in the Sumerian language for parts of the Epic of Gilgamesh.
5584	The Global Four Treasures of the Study Market is showing positive signs of growth.
5585	The Global Four Treasures of the Study Market report has been uniquely designed to cater to the needs of the businesses of the 21st century.
5586	The Global Four Treasures of the Study Market research report primarily aims to hint at opportunities and challenges in the Global industry.
5587	The Global Four Treasures of the Study market development trends and marketing channels are analyzed.
5588	The Godawaya inscriptions by King Gajabahu ( 114 to 136 AD) stated at Stone tablet inscriptions in Ancient Godawaya harbour ( closer to Hambantota near the mouth of Walawe River) ordering that all dues from ships to be given to Godawaya temple as donations to maintain this temple.
5589	The Good Fortune Tiger at Thrive City and celebrates the Asian-American community in and around the Bay Area by highlighting design elements of the Bay Bridge, Chinese-style clouds, fireworks, and Chinese calligraphy.
5590	The Great Seal "was the official symbol of the United States federal government, not the office of the presidency," says Matthew Costello, senior historian for the White House Historical Association and author of this article on the history of the presidential seal, in an email.
5591	The Great Seal (or Presidential Seal) used the bald eagle as the symbol of power and authority.
5592	The Great Seal also sparked some Twitter controversy in 2017 when media reported that the Presidential Challenge Coin has been given a makeover.
5593	The Great Seal and the coins of the United States contain the Latin phrase 'E pluribus unum' - which translates as 'Out of Many, One' to capture that nation's early ambition and generosity to welcome people from many backgrounds and countries, so that they could build a new country, together.
5594	The Great Seal depicts the Province’s Coat of Arms and is now encircled with the words ‘Charles III, King of Canada’.
5595	The Great Seal features a shoreline where a Seminole woman spreads hibiscus flowers.
5596	The Great Seal has a picture of a bald eagle with its wings outstretched, holding a bundle of 13 arrows in one talon and an olive branch in the other.
5597	The Great Seal hung on his wall for seven years.
5598	The Great Seal is a collosal album which Spiritus Mortis describes as “a rite of collective suicide and an orgy of self-immolation” and plumbs the depths of epic sorrow with gargantuan slabs of igneous riffs and emotional vocals.
5599	The Great Seal is a colossal album which Spiritus Mortis describes as “a rite of collective suicide and an orgy of self-immolation” and plumbs the depths of epic sorrow with gargantuan slabs of igneous riffs and emotional vocals.
5600	The Great Seal is an eagle holding both arrows and olive branches, and, by order of President Eisenhower, the eagle gaze looks to the olive branch.
5601	The Great Seal is impressed upon official documents such as treaties and commissions.
5602	The Great Seal is of course famous for it’s ‘all seeing eye‘ which is an Illuminati symbol that now crops up in pop culture EVERYWHERE.
5603	The Great Seal is used to represent the sovereign authority of the State of Wyoming.
5604	The Great Seal itself is displayed in the Exhibit Hall of the State Department in Washington, D.C.
5605	The Great Seal of America says: "Out of many, one." Our national motto is: "In God we trust." It’s time to bring people together to get things done.
5606	The Great Seal of America, on which the symbol depicted on the Trump T-shirt is most likely based, was designed in 1782, and features an eagle holding arrows and an olive branch.
5607	The Great Seal of California is inlaid in the center of the floor.
5608	The Great Seal of Minneapolis today lies virtually forgotten, nearly 100 fragments of carved limestone stored on city property in Columbia Heights.
5609	The Great Seal of Newfoundland that was approved in 1827.
5610	The Great Seal of Ohio band played several pieces including a medley of the United States Military Service anthems including the Navy, Air Force, Army, and Marine Corps.
5611	The Great Seal of Oklahoma centers the new kitchen floor.
5612	The Great Seal of Scotland (Magni Sigilli Regum Scotorum) was broken up.
5613	The Great Seal of Tennessee was the first symbol adopted in 1801.
5614	The Great Seal of The United States was approved on this day back in 1782.
5615	The Great Seal of the Choctaw Nation is at the center of the front cover.
5616	The Great Seal of the Navajo Nation has fifty arrowheads symbolizing the Navajo Nation’s protection within the fifty states.
5617	The Great Seal of the Realm is used to seal the document, which features the Queen's signature - Elizabeth R - and will be presented to the newlyweds after the wedding next Saturday.
5618	The Great Seal of the State of California has easily recognizable features such as a miner, grizzly bear and the word Eureka, but one of the images on the seal may not be that well-known.
5619	The Great Seal of the State of Florida, framed in acrylic and displayed in a Seminole County Public Schools building.
5620	The Great Seal of the State of Florida.
5621	The Great Seal of the State of Minnesota displayed in Hennepin County District Court.
5622	The Great Seal of the State of Montana in the Supreme Court (Photo by Eric Seidle/ For the Daily Montanan).
5623	The Great Seal of the State of Nevada is seen during a meeting of the Assembly Committee on Government Affairs during the 82nd Session of the Legislature at on Tuesday, Feb.
5624	The Great Seal of the State of New Jersey also features Ceres, the Roman goddess of agriculture, holding a cornucopia of harvested produce as well as three plows.
5625	The Great Seal of the US comprises of a bald eagle, bearing in one of its talons, an olive branch, and in the other talon thirteen arrows, and in its beak the motto E pluribus unum (Latin for ‘out of many, one’), and a constellation of 13 stars.
5626	The Great Seal of the United State is seen on a $1 bill.
5627	The Great Seal of the United States bears the words E Pluribus Unum — From Many One.
5628	The Great Seal of the United States depicts a bald eagle as our nation’s symbol, but it took six years of debate to agree on the seal’s design.
5629	The Great Seal of the United States displays a bald eagle holding a scroll inscribed E pluribus unum in its beak.
5630	The Great Seal of the United States features an eagle holding a sheaf of arrows and a bunch of olive branches in its two talons.
5631	The Great Seal of the United States features the motto "E Pluribus Unum"--out of many, one.
5632	The Great Seal of the United States has also been used by former presidents including George W.
5633	The Great Seal of the United States is etched into the blade of a Civil War officer's sword by Tiffany & Co.
5634	The Great Seal of the United States is pictured on a wall in courtroom 9C during a special session of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York on November 4, 2014.
5635	The Great Seal of the United States is seen on a $1 bill, decorated with an eagle holding an olive branch in one paw and a tightly drawn bundle consisting of 13 octaves in another.
5636	The Great Seal of the United States is stacked with images invoking the number, 13 representing the original colonies from which the United States was created.
5637	The Great Seal of the United States on the outside wall has been defaced, although another one still is undamaged in white above the entryway of the chancery.
5638	The Great Seal of the United States on the outside wall has been defaced, although another one still is undamaged in white above the entryway of the compound's chancery.
5639	The Great Seal of the United States on the outside wall has been defaced, although another one still is undamaged in white above the entryway of the compound’s chancery.
5640	The Great Seal of the United States puts it best: E pluribus unum.
5641	The Great Seal of the United States reads, E Pluribus Unum: From Many, One.
5642	The Great Seal of the United States says E pluribus unum (Out of many, one).
5643	The Great Seal of the United States sits above a fireplace in the board room at the Marriner S … [+] Eccles Federal Reserve Board Building, Washington DC.
5644	The Great Seal of the United States was adopted.
5645	The Great Seal of the United States was first suggested on July 4, 1776, and adopted on June 13, 1782.
5646	The Great Seal of the United States—that eye-in-the-pyramid logo on the back of the dollar bill—"illustrates our Founders' sense of America's destiny," Williamson writes.
5647	The Great Seal, formally known as the Great Seal of the Realm, is the chief seal of the Crown.
5648	The Great Seal, with its recognizable pyramid and eagle motifs, was not added to the dollar bill until 1935 at the suggestion of Henry A.
5649	The Great Seals of the company are one of the main currencies of Final Fantasy XIV, which adventurers will constantly earn by completing various tasks, for example, going through dungeons in the job search system.
5650	The Guardian has amended its official style guide addressing climate change in order to highlight what they say is the severity of the crisis, the British newspaper announced to readers Friday.
5651	The Guiding Principles now in place note that “an official style [of architecture] must be avoided,” and that new buildings should reflect their time: “Design must flow from the architecture profession to the government.
5652	The Gunjala Gondi is the latest tribal language to be identified and added to the list of worldwide official scripts.
5653	The Gurdwara's layout and inscription on a stone tablet were documented in the book "Divine Master," written by Sardar Sewaram Singh, a Sessions Judge and the father of Major General Harkirat Singh.
5654	The Hong Kong lanes were decorated with red flags bearing Chinese calligraphy.
5655	The Honolulu markers feature a flexible brush tip on one end and a Chisel tip on the other.
5656	The Huffington Post also used a split screen image, presenting Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu speaking on the backdrop of the Great Seal of the United States on one side, and a Palestinian man carrying a child as he runs from the flames on the other.
5657	The Idaho Constitution states that the Great Seal of the State of Idaho shall be kept by the secretary of state, and used officially by that officer.
5658	The Image 12s incorporate a simple small sealed-box design that has wall bracket mounting holes built into the back and a single high-quality 4in driver beneath the 1in tweeter.
5659	The Indian King Tavern Museum marks the site where New Jersey became a state and the great seal of the state was adopted.
5660	The Instrument is also sealed with the Great Seal of the Realm, attached to the bottom of the document by woven cords.
5661	The Instrument of Consent came with the Great Seal of the Realm, as well as two illustrations that were specifically made to honor both the Prince and Markle.
5662	The Instrument of Consent is an elaborate document made from vellum - usually calf skin - proclaiming the monarch's approval of a marriage and bearing a large red wax Great Seal of the Realm.
5663	The Instrument of Consent is an elaborate document made from vellum, usually calf skin, proclaiming the monarch's approval of a marriage and bearing a large red wax Great Seal of the Realm.
5664	The Instrument of Consent is sealed with the Great Seal of the Realm, which is attached to the foot of the document by woven cords sealed within the Great Seal itself.
5665	The Instrument of Consent is sealed with the Great Seal of the Realm.
5666	The Instrument of Consent was drafted by the Crown Office and is sealed with the Great Seal of the Realm, and the Queen’s signature, “Elizabeth R,” is featured at the top right of the document.
5667	The Interior Ministry's Twitter account would have similar content, and the same message, but in a different style, not merely re-tweeting each other, likely by a different author with a more official style for the government.
5668	The Irish stunner decorated her ears with bold hoop earrings and wore slender gold rings on her fingers.
5669	The Italian Serie A club parted ways with Harmont & Blaine as the club’s official style partner at the end of last season.
5670	The Jacksonville Public Library will play host to a class in Chinese calligraphy.
5671	The Japanese cosmetics brand's Smooth Liquid Eyeliner ($18.90, available in Jet Black, Bitter Brown and Brown Black) boasts a hyper-durable Super Keep Polymer and Water-Resistant Film to withstand water, sweat, tears and sebum, as well as an ultra-fine 0.1mm slim brush tip.
5672	The Japanese knew she had to do something different at the start of the second game to stay in the context and she simply increased the pace of the rallies, started playing a lot more downward strokes to not allow Sindhu to attack early and keep extending the rally.
5673	The JavaScript engines in all modern browsers are JIT ("just in time") compilers, meaning that they compile the JavaScript into executable x86 code on-the-fly to reduce the overhead of running scripts.
5674	The Jockey Club has announced model and TV presenter Rosie Tapner as the official style ambassador for the 2022 Cheltenham Festival.
5675	The Justice League logo smashed into Dark Crisis, with two lines within a single line, and shifting font size, a story title in cursive script shoved in between two more titles from different books about to collide with each other… Oliver Queen should know better.
5676	The K-Palette 24H real lasting eyeliner - quick-drying liquid eyeliner has a special brush tip, and high water resistant polymers, giving you superb control for creating remarkable smudge-resistant effects.
5677	The Kremlin has so far not declared any fatalities from the fighting, although the head of the Dagestan regional government recently offered his condolences to the family of a slain paratrooper, in what may have been a case of veering off the official script.
5678	The Kybrow Brow Brush is a dual-ended tool that features a thin, angled brush tip on one end (perfect for applying the Kybrow powder or pomade products) and a spoolie on the other end to define brows and smooth out any harsh lines.
5679	The L has one of those horizontal strokes through it, like Wroclaw itself.
5680	The Latin inscriptions on the Great Seal combine the intertwined civic and theistic religiosity that is the basis of the great mythologies of America, which contain clanging and unresolvable contradictions and meta ironies.
5681	The Latin phrase "Novus Ordo Seclorum," which majestically rests upon the Great Seal of the United States, translates into "A New Order for the Ages." The inauguration of President Joe Biden represents a chance for all Americans to embrace such a new start after four years of governance dominated by chaos – and unfortunately, too many lies.
5682	The Latin phrase "annuit coeptis" is a motto on the Great Seal of the U.S. and translates to "God has approved our undertakings." Annuit Coeptis winners will be honored at a dinner March 27 during ACPA’s annual conference in Columbus, Ohio.
5683	The Latin phrase “E pluribus unum” means “Out of many, one.” The phrase is inscribed on our coins, included within the Great Seal of the United States and is the motto of the United States Marines.
5684	The Latin phrase, E Pluribus Unum, “out of many, one,” is even found on the Great Seal of the United States.
5685	The Latin words, “E Pluribus Unum” — “from many, one” — are inscribed on the Great Seal of the United States.
5686	The Leica logo is on the top plate, engraved in cursive script, with the words Leica Camera Wetzlar Germany below it in an all-caps block font.
5687	The Letter Patent includes a cased Royal great seal made of red wax.
5688	The Letters Patent are made official with the inclusion of the Great Seal of the Realm.
5689	The Letters Patent document marking the granting of city status was endorsed by the Great Seal of the Queen’s family at a ceremony in Hillsborough Castle on the 14th of May 2002 and Newry and Mourne Vice Chairman Frank Feeley was there to receive the document from The Queen.
5690	The Limited Edition design celebrates the commitment to writing one’s own destiny in a chic and contemporary showcase of traditional Chinese calligraphy.
5691	The Linear Magnetic Drive System delivers controlled, consistent movements from the handle to brush tips, producing gentle micro-vibrations for a more enjoyable experience and efficiently transferring more energy directly to the bristle tips.
5692	The Little Seal Bug is a nod to a well-known early espionage incident, known as the Great Seal Bug.
5693	The Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, in Oadby, was another one mentioned by reviewers, and praised for giving out generous chip portions.
5694	The Lord Privy Seal said: “The functions Counsellors of State undertake can include, for example, indicating assent to legislation, formally approving appointments, and providing authority for the affixing of the Great Seal to documents, such as royal proclamations.
5695	The Los Angeles artist Delia Brown is also auctioning off a piece that features the names of black women who have been killed by the police, in cursive script, accompanied by their ages, which range from 26 to 72 years old.
5696	The Lunar New Year celebration activities in the theme park include Chinese traditional musical instrument performances and Chinese calligraphy demonstrations.
5697	The MIT group used a small sealed pressure vessel that was lowered into a heated sand bath at 450°C and held there for some minutes before withdrawal (Figure 1).
5698	The Macao Scientific and Cultural Centre in Lisbon says it will begin teaching online this weekend a course on the basics of Chinese calligraphy.
5699	The Mainz-based egyptologist is an expert in Hieratic, the cursive script in which these texts are written.
5700	The Master Kukai tablet, also on Danfengshan, has had its inscriptions scratched out, sources said.
5701	The Medical College police have arrested two persons hailing from Kollam on the charge of stealing a doctor’s name seal, forging a prescription, and using it to buy drugs.
5702	The Metropolitan Museum of Art is organizing a series of events for the holiday, including a lion dance, shadow theater, Chinese calligraphy, and a tea ceremony demonstration.
5703	The Mexicans, being fond of form, were given a Certificate of Marriage signed by the Justice and all in attendance, and afterwards the Acting Governor certified in due form, with the great seal, that Blair was duly authorized to marry.
5704	The Minister must be reading from an official script because we are talking about figures and payment to people.
5705	The Mixer Brush offers live mixing on the canvas, with textured painting via a set of swappable brush tips.
5706	The Motto inscribed on the Seal was "Rebellion to Tyrants is Obedience to God" ( First Committee's Design for the Great Seal ).John Adams later described Jefferson's depiction of the Great Seal:Mr.
5707	The Mound Chinese New Year Celebration, organised by Edinburgh Chinese Arts Association, presents Lion Dances, Chinese New Year folk dances, Han costume show, Chinese calligraphy and with lots of audience participation this is a free, fun way to get involved in the celebrations.
5708	The National Archives of the United Kingdom defines Royal Charters and Letters Patent as “grants which were issued under the Great Seal” that “cover a huge diversity of subjects, including grants of official positions, lands, commissions, privileges and pardons”.
5709	The National Museum of China selected 365 collections from its over 1.4 million treasures, arranging them in chronological order for the themed calendar of 2021, using fonts originating from traditional Chinese calligraphy.
5710	The National People's (NPC) has kept its reputation as the rubber stamp parliament for its routine approval of CPC proposals by voting exactly to the official script.
5711	The National People's Congress (NPC) has kept its reputation as the rubber stamp parliament for its routine approval of CPC proposals by voting exactly to the official script.
5712	The National People’s Congress (NPC) has kept its reputation as the rubber stamp parliament for its routine approval of CPC proposals by voting exactly to the official script.
5713	The Nazareth Inscription, a stone tablet containing a Roman edict by Emperor Claudius (AD 41-54), specifically commanded citizens to not disturb graves and tombs.
5714	The New York Yankees cap, for instance, featured five area codes, the Statue of Liberty, an apple, a slice of pizza, a boom box on the rear above a "NEW YORK" stencil, along with the words "New York The Empire State" in cursive script above a World Series logo.
5715	The New York born performer accessorized with large hoop earrings, mirrored, round framed sunglasses, a slender gold chain around her neck and a hair scrunchie around her wrist.
5716	The New Yorker describes explores the dying art of cursive script: “From the beginning, people have attached judgments to different scripts, and people’s proficiency in them.
5717	The North Dakota Legislature, over the years, has prohibited the use of the Great Seal for political, commercial and advertising purposes.
5718	The ODR said DeWine chose Great Seal State Park as the location for the memorial grove because of its rich history.
5719	The Observer’s official policy about the use of swear words is right there in the official style guide, between the entries on Swaziland and swingeing.
5720	The Office of Public Works says the recent finding comprises of 15 ship representations, selections of cursive script, signatures, numbers and doodles, written into the plasterwork within a number of buildings on the estate, in particular that of the Summer House.
5721	The Ohio BMV designed the new "Sunrise in Ohio" license plate with input from Governor and First Lady DeWine, who took inspiration from the Great Seal of Ohio, the state's diverse landscapes, Ohio's past and present innovations, and the state's bold, bright future.
5722	The Ohio BMV designed the new “Sunrise in Ohio” license plate with input from Governor and First Lady DeWine, who took inspiration from the Great Seal of Ohio, the state’s diverse landscapes, Ohio’s past and present innovations, and the state’s bold, bright future.
5723	The Ohio BMV designed the new “Sunrise in Ohio” license plate with input from the governor and first lady Fran DeWine, who took inspiration from the Great Seal of Ohio, the state’s diverse landscapes, Ohio’s past and present innovations, and the state’s bold, bright future.
5724	The Olympic emblem was designed to integrate the spirit of Chinese calligraphy and eastern cultural heritage with a modern, global style.
5725	The Ontario Museum of History & Art is offering a Chinese calligraphy class Thursday, Jan.
5726	The Orchid Pavilion Preface, created by the 4th-century calligraphic guru Wang Xizhi, is probably one of the everlasting Chinese literary classics about a gathering of literati.
5727	The Organizers of an exhibition of traditional Chinese calligraphy in New York City recently made use of blockchain technology to demonstrate to viewers the authenticity of the works on display.
5728	The PPE included 100 face shields, 120 sanitisers, 20 N95 nose masks, 2,000 multivitamins and zinc tablets, 10 pieces of fluid resistant PPE attire and aprons, rubbing alcohol, mentholated spirit, two surgical scrubs and 125mg of surgical scrubs.
5729	The Pal-O-Mine, sold in a yellow and red wrapper with cursive script, consists of two pieces of brown sugar fudge coated with dark chocolate and bits of peanuts.
5730	The Paralympic emblem, featuring an athlete-centered concept, also combines Chinese calligraphy and Paralympic winter sports.
5731	The Paralympic logo also combines Chinese calligraphy with Paralympic winter sports.
5732	The Patriot headers have nice 3/8-inch flanges that offer a great seal.
5733	The People’s Bank of China will issue a set of commemorative coins featuring Chinese calligraphy on July 26.
5734	The Perfect Strokes Matte Liquid Liner will work for those into thick lines, rather than thin precise ones, as the brush tip is made up of multiple hairs that flex – it’s an unusual applicator that’s similar to Nars’ pen liner.
5735	The President of the United States Woodrow Wilson and Secretary of State Bainbridge Colby ratified the award of the arbitrator Woodrow Wilson with their signatures and The Great Seal of the United States.
5736	The Queen can delegate to the Counsellors of State through letters patent under the Great Seal, to prevent delay or difficulty in the dispatch of public business, or intended or actual absence form the UK.
5737	The Queen could still step in and issue a Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the Realm and make the baby boy a prince.
5738	The Queen has been pleased by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the Realm bearing date 22nd February, 1957, to give and grant unto His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh, K.G., K.T., G.B.E., the style and titular dignity of a Prince of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Whitehall.
5739	The Queen has been pleased by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the Realm dated 31 December 2012 to declare that all the children of the eldest son of The Prince of Wales should have and enjoy the style, title and attribute of Royal Highness with the titular dignity of Prince or Princess prefixed to their Christian names or with such other titles of honour.
5740	The Queen issued a Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the Realm in December 2012 when Kate was around three months pregnant with George, declaring "all the children of the eldest son of the Prince of Wales should have and enjoy the style, title and attribute of royal highness with the titular dignity of Prince or Princess prefixed to their Christian names or with such other titles of honour".
5741	The Queen issued a Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the Realm in December 2012 when Kate was around three months pregnant with George, declaring “all the children of the eldest son of the Prince of Wales should have and enjoy the style, title and attribute of royal highness with the titular dignity of Prince or Princess prefixed to their Christian names or with such other titles of honour”.
5742	The Queen issued a Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the Realm in December 2012 when Kate was just a few months pregnant, declaring "all the children of the eldest son of the Prince of Wales should have and enjoy the style, title and attribute of Royal Highness with the titular dignity of Prince or Princess prefixed to their Christian names or with such other titles of honour".
5743	The Queen issued a Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the Realm in December 2012 when Kate was just a few months pregnant, declaring 'all the children of the eldest son of the Prince of Wales should have and enjoy the style, title and attribute of Royal Highness with the titular dignity of Prince or Princess prefixed to their Christian names or with such other titles of honour'.
5744	The Queen issued a Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the Realm in December 2012 when Kate was just a few months pregnant, declaring “all the children of the eldest son of the Prince of Wales should have and enjoy the style, title and attribute of Royal Highness with the titular dignity of Prince or Princess prefixed to their Christian names or with such other titles of honour”.
5745	The Queen of Genovia herself, Anne Hathaway, has bestowed upon us and Genovia's citizens a piece of wonderful news – that a 3rd Princess Diaries film is in the works, with its official script finally complete.
5746	The Queen recently gave her formal consent to the royal wedding under the Great Seal of the Realm.
5747	The Queen signed the Instrument of Consent in March - an elaborate notice of approval, transcribed in calligraphy, and issued under the Great Seal of the Realm.
5748	The Queen signed the Instrument of Consent in March – an elaborate notice of approval, transcribed in calligraphy, and issued under the Great Seal of the Realm.
5749	The Queen signed the Instrument of Consent in March — an elaborate notice of approval, transcribed in calligraphy, and issued under the Great Seal of the Realm.
5750	The Queen will have signed an Instrument of Consent - an elaborate notice of approval, transcribed in calligraphy, and issued under the Great Seal of the Realm - just like she did for the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge.
5751	The Queen will have signed an Instrument of Consent – an elaborate notice of approval, transcribed in calligraphy, and issued under the Great Seal of the Realm – just like she did for the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge.
5752	The Queen will have signed an Instrument of Consent — an elaborate notice of approval, transcribed in calligraphy, and issued under the Great Seal of the Realm — just like she did for the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge.
5753	The RES department kept about 24 inscriptions foundation tablets, including foundation stone and inauguration stones at the office.
5754	The Royal Company of Archers obtained a charter under the Great Seal of Scotland, establishing it as a corporation by Letters Patent from Queen Anne in 1713.
5755	The Rt Hon David Gauke MP had an audience of The Queen this afternoon and delivered up the Great Seal and took leave upon relinquishing his appointment as Lord Chancellor and Secretary of State for Justice.
5756	The Russian leader then referred to the Great Seal of the United States, which includes a bald eagle holding a bundle of 13 arrows in one talon and an olive branch with 13 olives in another.
5757	The Russian leader then referred to the Great Seal of the United States, which includes a bald eagle holding a bundle of 13 arrows in one talon and an olive branch with 13 olives in another.“I have a question: Has your eagle picked all the olives and only has arrows left?
5758	The Santa is dressed all in white, in what looks like a towelling robe and he appears to have a polar bear and two small seal cubs at his feet.
5759	The Santhals, spread in five states — Odisha, West Bengal, Bihar, Jharkhand and Assam — use five official scripts to write in.
5760	The Seattle store will have Chinese calligraphy on February 10 and 11 from 10:00 AM – 5:00 PM.
5761	The Secretary of State (SOS) serves as the chief election officer and the handler for the state’s key documents like the constitution, Great Seal and archives.
5762	The Secretary of State is an appointed position in 12 states and three more don’t even have the office that some refer to as a “high end or glorified clerk of court.” The Louisiana constitution requires that the Secretary of State be the keeper of the “Great Seal of Louisiana.” I looked for the Seal during my entire 8 years in office, but never found it.
5763	The Secretary of State is an appointed position in 12 states and three more don’t even have the office that some refer to as a “high end or glorified clerk of court.” The Louisiana constitution requires that the Secretary of State be the keeper of the “Great Seal of Louisiana.” I was Louisiana’s Secretary of State in the 1980s.
5764	The Secretary of State is the custodian of the Great Seal under the Wyoming Constitution, and the contest encouraged students to learn about the Seal’s design and creation, and its important place in Wyoming’s history.
5765	The Secretary of State, as keeper of the Great Seal of the State of Missouri, authenticates official acts of the governor.
5766	The Selling Sunset star, 45, went all-in with a face tattoo during her latest session with artist Zara Ilana Solava, getting a thin line of cursive script reading "invincible" right under her jawline as one of four delicate tattoos she had inked during their session.
5767	The Shanghai Museum is actually currently running an exhibition on the works of Ming dynasty calligrapher Dong Qichang that includes another work by Yan Zhengqing, which was borrowed from a museum in Tokyo, according to SCMP.
5768	The Shortcuts app, on iPhones with iOS 13 and above by default, allows you to automate processes by running scripts and preprogrammed routines.
5769	The Simpsons , the longest running scripted primetime show in television history, will premiere its 31st season on Disney+ on November 6th in the UK and Ireland.
5770	The Simpsons is about to enter its landmark 30th season, having already become the longest running scripted series in television history during its 29th.
5771	The Simpsons is the longest running scripted series in US history with 30 seasons of TV, each with over 20 episodes.
5772	The Simpsons is the longest running scripted television show OF ALL TIME.
5773	The Simpsons recently became the longest running scripted television show in US history.
5774	The Simpsons, America’s favorite animated family and longest running scripted program in television history will be finishing its 30thseason in a few months.
5775	The Sixers showcased the city of Philadelphia’s iconic nickname, “The City of Brotherly Love,” on the front of the jersey with a cursive script and a “76” located on the shorts.
5776	The Slobproof pen is designed with a small brush tip that's ideal for cleaning up hard-to-reach spots and corners.
5777	The Soviets turned the tables on U.S. intelligence in 1945 when some students visiting the American ambassador in Moscow gave him a hand-carved Great Seal of the United States.
5778	The Soviets used microwaves to activate a microphone they had concealed in the Great Seal of the United States gifted to a US ambassador.
5779	The Speedometer results revealed that typical web pages rely more on 'startup' performance, or how long it takes to start running scripts.
5780	The Sports Illustrated Swim cover girl (known as Golden Barbie on social media), 29, proved her love for the celebrity personal trainer by getting his name inked on her inner right forearm in cursive script.
5781	The StagesBike has most user-friendly construction in that it is easy to set up, has great stability, doesn’t even have the possibility of rubbing anyone’s legs, and gives you sturdy places to put and charge your tablet and phone.
5782	The Stained Set by Sharpie, for instance, features eight colorful markers with a flexible brush tip, allowing the user the capability to create expressive artwork.
5783	The Stanford Chinese Women Collective got funding approved for a biweekly Chinese calligraphy and painting class, which will start this Sunday.
5784	The Star asked producer and writer Heaton and Dunlop, a former buyer of TV series, to discuss the Top 4 longest running scripted shows on TV and the Top 2 animated series.
5785	The State Museum of Modern Western Art reopened after 1944 but was shut down by Stalin, the works deemed a threat to the official style of art in the Soviet Union, and the collection then split, half each, between the Pushkin Museum in Moscow and the Hermitage.
5786	The Staten Island Chinese School offers a link to Asia for about 110 students ages 4 to adult, offering Mandarin, Cantonese classes, tai chi, Chinese calligraphy and kung fu, among other programs.
5787	The Steel Roses netted 4 times in the first half with goals from Li Ying, Xin Xhang, Wang Shanshan and Jiall Tang.
5788	The Supernatural renewal is particularly ground-breaking, as the paranormal series will be heading into Season 15, further cementing its status as the longest running scripted series in the CW and WB's history.
5789	The Tablet bore a number of inscriptions, some of which Dax and Sisko were able to translate before Sisko destroyed it in a fit of frustration.
5790	The Tang copy keeps the essence of Wang Xizhi’s writing techniques.
5791	The Taoiseach tried his hand at Chinese calligraphy alongside Chinese Ambassador to Ireland, H.E.
5792	The Taoists left behind over a thousand tablets and stone inscriptions in praise of the mountain, but only around 450 or 500 remain today.
5793	The Thinker fur seal style.
5794	The Trump office logo uses almost all of the elements of the Great Seal of the United States but takes the shield, the lower legs and tail feathers and arrows and olive branch from the presidential seal.
5795	The Trump order, mandating the preference for “traditional and classical architecture” in the design of new Federal buildings, prompted objections across the architectural community against prescribing any official style for government buildings.
5796	The U.S. Code specifically outlaws using ''likenesses of the great seal of the United States, the seals of the President and Vice President,' and the seals of the House and Senate.
5797	The U.S. Great Seal that was gifted by the USSR and contained a bug.
5798	The U.S. government has many uses of eagle imagery in its official seals and emblems including on the “Great Seal of America,” on the presidential seal and on the mace of the U.S. House of Representatives.
5799	The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organisation (Unesco) on Wednesday approved the country’s bid to have its street food included on a list of intangible cultural heritage, which also includes yoga, Chinese calligraphy and flamenco.
5800	The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) on Wednesday approved the country's bid to have its street food included on a list of intangible cultural heritage, which also includes yoga, Chinese calligraphy and flamenco.
5801	The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) on Wednesday approved the country’s bid to have its street food included on a list of intangible cultural heritage, which also includes yoga, Chinese calligraphy and flamenco.
5802	The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (Unesco) on Wednesday approved the country's bid to have its street food included on a list of intangible cultural heritage, which also includes yoga, Chinese calligraphy and flamenco.
5803	The United States 15¢, 19¢ and 20¢ Great Seal of the United States Official Mail postal cards (Scott UZ4-UZ6) are good buys in used condition in the $40-to-$50 price range.
5804	The United States 39¢ Great Seal of the United States Official mail coil stamp issued March 8, 2006, is in demand and is well worth up to $1 in mint never-hinged condition.
5805	The United States Great Seal as we know it was based on design by Tiffany’s designer James Whitehouse.
5806	The United States Should Have a Turkey on Its Great Seal Just think about it.
5807	The United States has a Great Seal that is used to authenticate certain documents issued by the federal government.
5808	The Unum name came from E Pluribus Unum, the Latin phrase that means “out of many, one.” It’s on our currency and the Great Seal for the U.S.
5809	The Verdict The claim that the writs for the federal election were unlawful because they did not contain the Great Seal of Australia is false.
5810	The White House condemned the attacks in a statement, saying, “These terrorizing acts are despicable and anyone responsible will be held accountable to the fullest extent of the law.” But President Donald Trump’s own words can speak louder than his administration’s official script.
5811	The Windows 8 Touch Pen is powered by E FUN's own apen technology and has a non-scratch soft brush tip so you won't need to worry about harming your monitor.
5812	The Wisconsin Secretary of State is a constitutional officer charged with maintaining official legislative and gubernatorial acts and affixing the Great Seal of Wisconsin to all official acts of the governor.
5813	The X30 Pro also comes with a pet brush tip which is ideal for pets’ shedding season (or even giving them a soothing and relaxing massage).
5814	The Year 5 group has already held a special day where they learnt traditional dance, movement and music, as well as creative artwork and tried their hand at Chinese calligraphy.
5815	The account of Jackson Alves, a Brazilian letter artist, calligrapher and teacher, these works range from cursive script, medieval-inspired lettering and calligraphic forms and blackletter forms on paper.
5816	The active noise-canceling (ANC) tech isn’t as good as I’ve heard from Sony or Bose, but it's as good as any I’ve heard from Samsung, aided by a great seal from the long-trunked buds.
5817	The actual brow formula itself is held within the product component — again, like ink in a pen — and it flows smoothly through the brush tip once you begin application.
5818	The adaptation of Paul Abbott’s British series of the same name was a success – it’s still Showtime’s longest running scripted drama – and Richard, playing an Irish carpenter, was a regular from season six.
5819	The addition of this new category reckons with the habit of online users to recycle login credentials from website to website, and the accompanying cybersecurity threat of "credential stuffing" – hackers stealing databases of credentials from one site and running scripts to test those credentials against banking or other websites where access may permit online fraud.
5820	The additional language includes the heading “In God We Trust” and says: “Prior to 1956, the unofficial slogan of the United States was “E pluribus unum: (Latin for “Out of Many One”), which was adopted when the Second Confederation Congress created the Great Seal of the United States in 1782.
5821	The adventure business owner has the words 'Strength and Honour' in cursive script inked across the length of his collarbones.
5822	The adventure culminates in a sort of fight around a great sealed sarcophagus, with animated possessing chains that will force characters to try to break it open and this mechanism is properly implemented (as in, you need a minimum str to open the sarcophagus, and the total number of actions required to do so is also specified).
5823	The age-old geological relics, ancient architectural ensembles, stone tablets and inscriptions, and ancient and rare trees all have been carefully protected and maintained.
5824	The agreement marked Apple’s first official scripted TV project, following previous forays into original programming that only included experiments with unscripted shows like James Corden’s Carpool Karaoke and the reality show Planet of the Apps.
5825	The aim of the retro looks, though, was to create a continuity from the classic Hongqi aesthetic for the top government leaders, and on the back, it gained “Hongqi” written in Chinese calligraphy, allegedly originally written by Mao Zedong.
5826	The all-day event features a variety of vendors selling traditional Chinese wares, as well as artisans showcasing Chinese calligraphy, candy sculpture, face painting, and magic.
5827	The ancient creative technique is now being reintroduced by artists He Xianqian and Liang Feng at a duo exhibition at Songjiang’s Dong Qichang Art Museum in Zuibai Pond Park.
5828	The ancient tablet, which unlocked the secret of Egyptian hieroglyphs due to its Ancient Greek inscription, has been a long-running source of tension between Cairo and London.
5829	The angled brush tip will help with precise, sharp lines (as will resting your elbow on a counter as you apply your cat- or kat-eye.) The liner itself is the same formula as the beloved Tattoo Liner, so if you like the product but are still struggling when it comes to drawing a straight line, Dagger Liner may be the sister for you.
5830	The angled elements appear to roughly match the angle of the downward strokes in the iconic CNN logo and take on a variety of looks ranging from thin lines in white and black to thicker ones in red.
5831	The animal, which came to be known as "Mo," was rescued near Hardwicke Island in January after workers at a Mowi salmon farm found the small seal pup struggling to swim and unable to dive.
5832	The animated sitcom, which recently became America's longest running scripted show with 636 episodes till date, has been criticised for its stereotypical portrayal of the South Asian community which came to light after Hari Kondabolu called out the makers through his documentary, The Problem with Apu.
5833	The animation style is inspired by Chinese calligraphy and watercolor landscapes.
5834	The anniversary programming for TV’s longest running scripted drama kicks off at the end of March with the special episode honoring Eddy, who played head nurse Epiphany Johnson on the series since 2006.
5835	The announcement of Ramzan was made by the Keeper of the Great Seal of Kings.
5836	The antique is a stone tablet with ancient Arabic inscription from the northwestern part of the Arabian Peninsula.
5837	The application comes from a squeeze tube through a brush tip, so it’s easy and mess-free.
5838	The applicator features a droplet brush tip that can be used to draw the shape of the desired brow, plus a product-coated spoolie that can be used to brush through brow hairs and give the finished look a more realistic, natural feel.
5839	The applicator has a soft brush tip that mimics that of a liquid eyeliner, so you can seamlessly apply it to your lash line.
5840	The appointment is made through a commission granted under the Great Seal of Canada.
5841	The archaeologists also found a tablet dating to Ancient Roman times with demotic and hieroglyphic inscriptions.
5842	The archaeologists recovered thousands of cylinder seals and baked clay tablets, some carved with cuneiform inscriptions written in the second millennium B.C., which detailed religious rituals, business transactions and other subjects.
5843	The art also featured flying white doves, which appeared on 2018’s Culture II and their newly released Culture III.
5844	The art of Chinese calligraphy bears many similarities to the art of dance, incorporating thoughtful movement, graceful lines and a flair for design.
5845	The art pieces, ranging from oil paintings, bronze sculptures to Chinese calligraphy, were then produced over a four-month period, said the Singapore Art Society.
5846	The art show will feature more than 800 exhibits including Chinese calligraphy and paintings, Western oil paintings, sculptures, ceramics, and photographs.
5847	The article went on to note that despite the claims that the Trump t-shirt was based on the Great Seal of America, the principal national symbol of the United States since it was first designed in the 1780s, the article claimed the differences were significant.
5848	The artifacts – including up to 300 small clay tablets, bearing inscriptions in the cuneiform script – were reportedly destined for the museum.
5849	The artist Su Dabao created a pattern featuring the Chinese character "fire" by combining Chinese calligraphy and seal cutting.
5850	The artist Su Dabao created a pattern featuring the Chinese character "fire" using a combination of Chinese calligraphy and seal cutting.
5851	The artist said that it’s very difficult to master the skills for making pyrographs on Xuan paper.
5852	The artistry of different types of Chinese calligraphy scripts as well as painting with traditional Chinese ink strokes require a variety of brushes.
5853	The artwork – which is said to be a draft by Yan Zhenqing and includes his markings and scribbles – was written in 759 AD after the artist learned that his nephew had died.
5854	The ascender is often slightly higher than the cap height, and it’s where the “ascenders” or long vertical strokes of lowercase letters, top out at as in f, h, and l.
5855	The aspiration for e pluribus unum (“out of many, one”)—from the Great Seal of the United States—is being shredded by the chronic subdividing of increased tribalism.
5856	The attacker can then take control of a target mouse's computer, running scripts and entering commands with minimal effort.
5857	The attendants enjoyed an exceptional Chinese-Lao bilingual art performance and were also introduced to Chinese calligraphy, mooncake-making and Chinese tea.
5858	The attractive cursive scripts (12 and 6) precede the water resistance rating figures (below) and the crest on the top.
5859	The author explained how the self-understanding on the part of the newly created nation is reflected on the Great Seal of the United States on the back of the one-dollar bill (the eye, the unfinished pyramid on a barren desert terrain, etc).
5860	The author of several scholarly titles including the paranoia-inducing Founding Fathers, Secret Societies: Freemasons, Illuminati, Rosicrucions, and the Decoding of the Great Seal, a copy of which he gave me, Dr. Bob’s work has been controversial among some of his university colleagues.
5861	The autumnal aesthetic is everywhere you turn - the official style trend for the season is "dark academia", there's a new Sally Rooney novel out for us to read broodily in cafes while sipping on a PSL and there's an influx of root vegetables in every supermarket in Ireland.
5862	The award bore the great seal of the United States and was sent to the US ambassador in Paris, Hugh Campbell Wallace on November 24, 1920.
5863	The baby sports a pink head wrap, white floral onesie and a wooden medallion that reads, "I'm five months old today Crikey," in cursive script.
5864	The baby will only become a prince if the Queen steps in at the last minute by issuing a Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the Realm.
5865	The back of the guqin is engraved with the calligraphy by Su Shi, one of the greatest Chinese literati of the Song Dynasty (960-1279).Before Li Pengpeng, her father Li Xiangting also played the Jiu Xiao Huan Pei.
5866	The back of the jacket worn by the model - who is David Hasselhoff's daughter - displayed the words 'heaven,' 'hell' and 'self-centredness' in large Chinese calligraphy.
5867	The back tattoo, which runs down her spine reads in cursive script, "Still I Rise," the title of a poem by the renowned author, poet and civil rights activist, Maya Angelou.
5868	The backdoor, whose final payload is a malicious XML file by the name of JS_GETFO.ZHEG-A, is capable of downloading and executing PE files, deleting files, downloading and running scripts, and running shell commands, Trend Micro explained in a Monday blog post.
5869	The bad news: The soft brush tips tend to fray after extended use.
5870	The bald eagle has been the national bird of America since 1782, when it was placed with outspread wings on the Great Seal of the United States.
5871	The bald eagle has been the national bird of the United States since 1782, when it was placed with outspread wings on the great seal of our country.
5872	The bald eagle is featured on six state flags, is the most popular mascot for American sports teams and, of course, embellishes the Great Seal of the United States.
5873	The bald eagle is featured on the flags of six states, is the most popular symbol of American sports teams, and adorns the Great Seal of the United States.
5874	The bald eagle is the national bird of the United States and is depicted on everything from the Great Seal of the United States to the dollar bill.
5875	The bald eagle takes pride of place on the Great Seal of the United States and this image is replicated across all kinds of federal agencies.
5876	The bald eagle was part of the design of the Great Seal of the United States of America which was adopted in 1782.
5877	The bald eagle, in particular, has been the official emblem of the United States since 1782 when it was placed with outspread wings on the Great Seal of the United States.
5878	The bald eagle, native to North America, features prominently on the Great Seal of the United States, and on many classic and modern American coins.
5879	The bamboo poles of the right-falling stroke start with 6 poles, then 8 poles, and then 12 poles.
5880	The barrel is metal, as is the included slip-on lens cap, which features the Voigtlander logo in a cursive script at its center.
5881	The barrier bag styles often include fusion with other bag types to produce something that has both proper durability and great sealing power.
5882	The base of each and every trash bag has a unique Star Seal style and design to stop leaks, make improvements to carrying capacity, and accommodate your trash can shape.
5883	The beeswax (which is a by-product of beekeeping) is used to fill the Great Seal of Scotland and seal acts of the Scottish Parliament.
5884	The best of the best are short-listed for the championship judge-off and, as previous winners will attest, there is no greater seal of approval than a prize card.
5885	The best practice is to apply a great sealer and then let it wear off over a few years before you consider applying another coat.
5886	The better-known 1787 Brasher Doubloon shows a heraldic eagle on one side, reminiscent of the Great Seal of the United States.
5887	The biggest difference is that now RGBA brush tips known from the Pixel engine, can be used here as well.
5888	The bill would also require that these agreements be signed by the governor and filed in the state office of the great seal.
5889	The bird in the center of the Great Seal of the United States.
5890	The black and white image and the natural texture of Jia Xuan paper create a unique visceral sensation.
5891	The black boots depicted a bald eagle and the Great Seal of the United States set against an American flag background.
5892	The black cursive script covers the 23-year-old's entire upper arm.
5893	The black-and-white photo that she shared revealed that she got the word “lucky” inked on the back of her neck in an elegant cursive script.
5894	The blade comes with fine etchings and patriotic motifs, including the Great Seal of the United States, as well as Tiffany & Co.’s marker at the base.
5895	The blades typically cut from top to bottom, so you should use long, downward strokes for best results.
5896	The blue caterpillar was admired but the large female red-back in my open palm was unceremoniously dispatched with a rapid downward stroke of a straw broom.
5897	The body of the song is deftly harpooned by the rhythm section and there’s no downward stroke on the lead guitar, so the melody dances above the vocal.
5898	The bold brushy lines, derived from cursive script, become conduits of space, providing glimpses into the many strata that lie beneath the surface of each painting.
5899	The book does not scrimp on detail: Prince’s handwritten manuscript, rendered in his famously precise cursive script (complete with his trademark "4″s for “for” and “eye” or symbols for "I"), is reproduced in full, and followed by the text in formal print.
5900	The book does not scrimp on detail: Prince’s handwritten manuscript, rendered in his famously precise cursive script (complete with his trademark “4”s for “for” and “eye” or symbols for “I”), is reproduced in full, and followed by the text in formal print.
5901	The booths were surrounded with people eager to fold origami animals or have couplets written for them in Chinese calligraphy.
5902	The botanical scene was rendered on silk and Xuan paper and translated into a printed fabric for the ready-to-wear collection, by altered in scale as a florid pattern garlanded across grounds of navy, white and black, across tiered gowns and poplin summer dresses, fluted skirts and frilled top.
5903	The bottom-up projections will explain how your marketing and sales efforts will enable you to get a certain percentage of the global Four Treasures of the Study market.
5904	The box still retains the Royal Charter that granted him plenipotentiary powers and a wax impression of the great seal of George I.
5905	The boxing gloves are among a treasure-trove of artifacts that include two Roman swords, “wafer thin Vindolanda Writing Tablets, many full of ancient cursive script” containing lists and personal messages, in addition to copper alloy horse gear, wooden toys, leather shoes and bath clogs, combs, dice, and the two distinctive pieces of leather described above.
5906	The brand introduced a batch of limited-edition Hourglass Bags with Chinese calligraphy with a Tupao, meaning raunchy or kitschy, campaign.
5907	The brand is not only the official style partner of the Derby (for the eighth straight year!
5908	The branding uses similar fonts to Scott's, with capital letters spelling out 'oh my' above the word 'glaze', which is written in a cursive script.
5909	The brush and Xuan paper (rice paper) are used to represent scenes of mountain and rivers in shapes.Through new materials, Zhao has been working to explore a new approach to present Chinese traditional culture, said Ma Hui, executive director of the China Urban Sculptors Association.
5910	The brush tip acts just like a real paintbrush, which makes it perfect for painting, but it certainly won’t work if you want to execute a fine line drawing.
5911	The brush tip acts just like a real paintbrush, which makes it perfect for painting, but it certainly won’t work if you want to execute a fine-line drawing.
5912	The brush tip allows me to reach even my finest and shortest lashes in the corners of the eyes.
5913	The brush tip applicator allows users to apply the whitening gel directly to the teeth, which helps to ensure even coverage and reduce waste.
5914	The brush tip can turn to the left or the right.
5915	The brush tip creates fine lines, so you can fill in brows with microbladed-like precision.
5916	The brush tip creates positive traces, so you may fill in brows with microbladed-like precision.
5917	The brush tip delivers easy application and ultimate precision, making Tattoo Liner the perfect tool for everyone, from beginners to pros.
5918	The brush tip delivers the perfect distribution of formula and ultimate precision.
5919	The brush tip dripped with red water-based paint.
5920	The brush tip eyeliner, the Eyeink bubble, the Eyeink Sharpie and the 101 eyeliner are simply some of the ideal options for a perfect winged liner application.
5921	The brush tip had more flexibility which gave what I thought to be a more controlled and precise wing.
5922	The brush tip helps mimic natural hair and it has a long-wearing, smudge-proof formula.
5923	The brush tip is a little more flexible and maneuverable than a felt tip, so it glides smoothly along the natural shape of your eye, and you can adjust the thickness of your line seamlessly.
5924	The brush tip is an incredibly useful tool, since it helps the user apply the right amount of product under eyes or around the nose — the latter of which is face real estate that is often difficult to maneuver around.
5925	The brush tip is fine and precise, making it easy to create a winged liner.
5926	The brush tip is mostly used for foreground color though you can combine foreground and background color.
5927	The brush tip is precise enough to easily create a flawless shape, sans liner, in the rearview mirror at a stoplight.
5928	The brush tip is small for precision, and the paint will stay fresh inside the pen for 7-plus years.
5929	The brush tip is so fine, you can even do super subtle details to great effect.
5930	The brush tip is super thin and glides along the lash line for a subtle vibe that feels very Glossier, and the control is top notch!
5931	The brush tip is superfine, so it’s easy to glide right along your lash line.
5932	The brush tip is very small and flexible, giving you full control over the application.
5933	The brush tip itself is made of pure goat hair that well holds a point and spreads easily.
5934	The brush tip of our Modelling Mascara is designed to reach even the finest, shortest lashes in the corners of the eyes.
5935	The brush tip offers precise definition and the smudge-resistant formula ensures your feline flicks last all day long.
5936	The brush tip on this is so good.
5937	The brush tip works even better than any spooly I’ve ever used, too.
5938	The brush tips are indispensable, but the brush presets speak for themselves when you're just getting used to the tools.
5939	The brush tips are long, thin and flexible – perfect for the classic thin swish and flick style.
5940	The brush tips are made with high-quality, non-deforming, and non-corroding fiber, and at only $8.49, we think it’s a steal.
5941	The brush tips are soft and resilient to last through many sessions of drawing or coloring.
5942	The brush tips make a consistent line and the colors are nice for adding small details to doodles.
5943	The brush tips provide new watercolor artists more control, while the included water brush makes blending a breeze.
5944	The brush-painted Chinese calligraphy greeting translates to, “All will be well”.
5945	The buildable formula provides full coverage without sinking into lines and creases, and it has a soft brush tip for easy application.
5946	The building towers at you from the pavement: fierce columns, solemn ironwork, inscriptions on tablets with fervent dates.
5947	The bureau even asked the Associated Press, the organization that provides news articles to thousands of news outlets all over the world, to change its official style guide to call the bureau the BCFP, not the CFPB.
5948	The bureau has also apparently asked the Associated Press, the organization that provides news articles to thousands of news outlets all over the world, to change its official style guide to call the bureau the BCFP, not the CFPB.
5949	The button-downs came complete with labels in old-fashioned cursive script, placed visibly at the base of the neck or at the wrist, and little skeletal metal hands-cum-bracelets (first introduced last season) gripping the biceps, like a spooky harbinger of old ideas around work and the future finally coming to an end.
5950	The cache included a royal inscription referring to the late Assyrian king Adadnirari, a mathematical tablet and an inscribed amulet resembling a unique example excavated at the Assyrian capital of Nimrud.
5951	The calligraphic masterpiece “Mid-autumn Manuscript,” containing 22 Chinese characters in three lines, is believed to be an incomplete copy of a Wang Xianzhi’s work.
5952	The calligraphy of modern celebrities represented by Kang has contributed to creating the open and inclusive calligraphy style in Qingdao and strengthening the academic arts of Chinese calligraphy.
5953	The calligraphy, titled Requiem to My Nephew, was painted by Yan Zhenqing - considered to be one of the greatest calligraphers in China.
5954	The calligraphy, titled “Requiem to my Nephew” by Yan Zhenqing, is considered one of the most precious Chinese treasures dating back to the Tang Dynasty (618-907 AD).
5955	The calm and tranquil water of a small pond is ideal for practicing basic paddling techniques — such as alternating downward strokes for straight tracking, reverse strokes for slowing down and long horizontal sweeps for turning — in a controlled situation.
5956	The canton’s constitution does not explicitly reference Serbs as a constituent people or contain provisions providing for the use of Serb language as an official language or Cyrillic as an official script.
5957	The card said “Baby Daddy” in pink cursive script and featured a black couple kissing.
5958	The case, from Flags Connections, has the Great Seal of The United States embossed on elegant beveled glass.
5959	The celebration begins with a pre-concert Festival Reception open to all ticketholders at 4:00pm in the Davies Symphony Hall lobbies featuring an array of entertainment and activities, such as lion dancing, Chinese calligraphy, “lucky” red envelopes, a musical performance by Melody of China, as well as complimentary desserts, wine, and tea bars.
5960	The celebration will also have special culinary offerings, Chinese calligraphy demonstrations and a “Lucky Wishes Wall,” where people can make wishes for the new year, Disney said.
5961	The celebration will also include Dr. Yufeng Wang, a professor and Chinese brush painting artist who will give a demonstration on Chinese calligraphy.
5962	The celebration will also include special culinary offerings, Chinese calligraphy demonstrations and a Lucky Wishes Wall, where people can make New Year’s wishes, Disney said.
5963	The celebration won’t be limited to the park though as guests looking to extend the magic with an overnight stay at either the Shanghai Disneyland Hotel or Toy Story Hotel will find themselves immersed in a festive environment, complete with beautiful decorations, and workshops in lantern-making, Chinese calligraphy, paper cutting and dragon mask coloring.
5964	The celebrations will include things like Chinese calligraphy demonstrations, “Mulan’s Lunar New Year Procession” and food offerings from six festival marketplace food kiosks.
5965	The center itself purchased 40 light purple surgical masks, Cheng said, and stocked up on hand-sanitizer “just in case.” But it was to little avail, she acknowledged, because far fewer people than usual showed up to eat the center’s popcorn, watch its New Year’s performances or try their hand at Chinese calligraphy.
5966	The centerpiece of the exhibition is a medieval Samaritan inscription on a limestone tablet on loan from the President's Residence in Jerusalem.
5967	The central design of the seal comprises of the Great Seal of the United States – the country's national symbol.
5968	The ceremony concludes at 11:11 a.m., in honor of Armistice, with the solar illumination of the glass mosaic of the Great Seal of the United States through the five, armed services pillar ellipses (weather permitting).
5969	The ceremony was held Friday at Great Seal State Park in Chillicothe.
5970	The ceremony will include a swearing-in, the presentation of Canadian honours and the Great Seal of Canada, and an address to Canadians by the new Governor General.
5971	The certificate, embossed with the Great Seal of the United States in gold on heavy-stock paper, is available to family members of honorably discharged veterans who have died.
5972	The certificate, now my proud possession, was emblazoned with the Great Seal of the United States--an eagle clutching arrows in one talon and an olive branch in the other.
5973	The certificates then have the Great Seal of the State of Wyoming placed on them.
5974	The chance to practice the delicate art of Chinese calligraphy was very popular and children made bookmarks wishing family members a “Happy New Year” in Chinese.
5975	The change comes because the letters patent, an open document from the monarch, which can be used to express the Sovereign's will, "for example to confer an office or create a new peerage", passed the Great Seal of the Realm.
5976	The change has been happening slowly for a few weeks, those who noticed Eastside's Instagram change might believe they were copying Grand Cafe's unique Nikki-Official style.
5977	The chapter starts with the premise that there is an official style in Chinese architecture that can be traced back from Tang (618-907) to Ming Dynasty (1368 – 1644).
5978	The character "Mei" comes from Lu Jianzhi's calligraphy in Tang Dynasty, while the character "Jian" comes from Zhao Mengfu in Yuan Dynasty.
5979	The chariot was pulled gallantly by a fleet of flying white horses.
5980	The charity sale also featured two Chinese calligraphy works sponsored by a calligraphy master that each fetched RM3,000 and RM1,700 respectively to raise funds for the online event.
5981	The chisel tip enables you to get broad coverage, and the flexible brush tip gives you the option to draw thin, thick or varied lines in a single stroke.
5982	The chisel tip has a solid cap while the brush tip cap is clear.
5983	The chisel tip on the markers is considerably large, and it would have been much better if they came with a brush tip.
5984	The chlorine-free tablets are safe for the environment and will remove stains and odors without the need for sponges or scrubbing.
5985	The chorus – essentially, “on the Chaise Longue” repeated ad infinitum in staccato style – combined with the vaguely gross-out band name sealed its strange, adolescent appeal.
5986	The city boasts that it was the first capital of the state of Ohio and is known for its presence on the “Great Seal” of Ohio, a circular coat of arms that depicts a Chillicothe sunrise over Thomas Worthington’s homestead.
5987	The class no longer wanted to discuss Van Gogh’s vertical strokes or his reluctance towards mixing colours on the palette or the story behind his masterpieces.
5988	The class will focus on the fundamentals of Chinese calligraphy and will also go over creation of characters in ancient China and the history of those characters.
5989	The classic Rosetta Stone story is the most famous example: A tablet with inscriptions of Ancient Egyptian hieroglyphs, Ancient Greek and another Egyptian script (Demotic) was used as a starting point to understand a long-dead language.
5990	The clear, acrylic medallion has the Great Seal of the Ho-Chunk Nation engraved and is hidden within a city of Madison public park.
5991	The cloth hanging from the table is painted in uneven vertical and horizontal strokes, not in imitation of fabric folds.
5992	The coin was made of .999 quality gold, with the front, a single portrait of Her Majesty, designed by James Butler MBE RA, who also designed the Queen's Great Seal of the Realm, which has been in use since 2001.
5993	The collection is quintessential by design, characterised by slender gold bands, elevated claw settings and 1ct round brilliant cut central diamonds, along with the option for intricate hand engraving at the client’s request.
5994	The collection of historic artefacts included over 150 inscription tablets and some Sumerian-era administrative documents which had once been looted and brought to Britain.
5995	The collection of retrieved artifacts notably consists of 4,500-year-old tablets adorned with cuneiform inscriptions that chronicle economic transactions from the ancient Sumerian civilization.
5996	The collection shows contemporary scholarship on the Yuan (1271 to 1368) and Ming (1368 to 1662) dynasties, including “masterpieces” of prominent artists at the time such as Yang Weizhen, Wang Shouren, Wen Zhengming and Wang Duo, UM officials said.
5997	The colors of America’s flag were chosen to signify national virtues, which were incorporated in the adoption of the nation’s Great Seal by the Continental Congress, June 20, 1782.
5998	The colors of the flag gained specific meaning when the Great Seal was developed in 1782.
5999	The colorway features red cursive script to accentuate the cream uniforms.
6000	The colour red symbolises energy, happiness, and good luck, and are often decorated with beautiful Chinese calligraphy and symbols.
6001	The comb shape makes application quite easy, too, since you can just brush the pigment directly onto your hair in downward strokes.
6002	The comb shape makes application quite easy, too, since you can just brush the pigment directly onto your hair in downward strokes.
6003	The comfort with which both of them caught the flying white round object showed the amount of practice they had put in and the importance they must have given to slip catching.
6004	The comfortable ear cups with a great seal and the built-in volume limiter ensure volume less than 94dB, no matter the surrounding noises or loud audio source.
6005	The comfortable oval barrel with a brush tip on one end that is perfect for doing professional illustration, fashion design, Manga, and adding detail to your images.
6006	The command will begin running scripts and you should see various “Downloading” and “Waiting” messages appear in terminal while Docker is pulling in the MySQL and WordPress images.
6007	The comments were not in the official script of his speech, which would have been approved by the party leadership.
6008	The commissioners approved the plan with Commissioner Tommy New saying he would like the signs to incorporate the Great Seal of Georgia, which New said was designed in Louisville.
6009	The company also hosts treasure hunt competitions on weekends.While AR is popular with tech startups, citizen-driven projects like Inscription Stones of Bangalore are digitally documenting history by using high-resolution 3D optical scans to catalogue inscription tablets.
6010	The company ditched the traditional film and sealed the box with small seals around the edges.
6011	The company hopes to make Amplify a “trusted co-pilot for standing up, watching over, and managing NGINX products at scale in real time.” In addition to monitoring, the new capabilities will help with configuration, running scripts, and troubleshooting deployments.
6012	The company was also the go-to for graphic work, having designed invitation cards for the opening of the Brooklyn Bridge in 1883 and the Statue of Liberty in 1886, as well as the Great Seal, used on the one-dollar bill, in 1884.
6013	The company works directly with the composers, lyricists, and book writers of these shows to provide official scripts, musical materials and dynamic theatrical resources to over 60,000 theatrical organizations in the US and in over 60 countries worldwide.
6014	The company's ground-breaking works have focused on themes from ancient Chinese legends that reflect issues of the present time to purely abstract, contemporary dances inspired by the art of Chinese calligraphy.
6015	The company’s most popular pen set comes with eight pens, each with a different tip size or shape: 0.2mm, 0.25mm, 0.3mm, 0.35mm, 0.45mm, and 0.5mm, plus one brush tip and one graphic tip.
6016	The composition, in difficult to read cursive script, is from William Coleman.
6017	The concentrate is pushed into the mixing chamber on the downward stroke, where it is combined with the water running through the unit.
6018	The concept of architecture abstracts the most fundamental three colors, black, white and red of Chinese calligraphy from rice-paper, brush-pen, seal and creates a pure space experience with pure colors.
6019	The conservancy's Michael Hutchins said a system that relies on industry rather than government regulators to monitor and report problems fails to protect a beloved bird of prey stamped on the great seal of the United States.
6020	The conservancy’s Michael Hutchins said a system that relies on industry rather than government regulators to monitor and report problems fails to protect a beloved bird of prey stamped on the great seal of the United States.
6021	The constructing principle of the left-falling stroke and right-falling stroke is the same, three groups of carbonized curved bamboo beams were connected in sequence, and at the insertion points a "stroke" like traditional Chinese calligraphy is naturally formed: "a pause and a transition".
6022	The contestants must also display prowess in singing in Chinese, in playing a Chinese musical instrument, in a Chinese martial art, or in Chinese calligraphy or painting, the announcement says.
6023	The contour brush tips its hat to the Mad Hatter with its charm, displaying the tea pot from Alice's impromptu tea party with him, the Dormouse, and the March Hare.
6024	The contrast of blocky, heavy letterforms and a wispy cursive script looks to “illustrate the tension and dichotomy often felt in queer culture”, according to Vozella.
6025	The convenient spoolie brush tip also helps blending for a beautiful, perfectly finished brow look.
6026	The core cast, which consists of approximately eight individuals, will generally improvise rather than create a formal script.
6027	The country music star, 39, memorialized his 3-year-old son by getting River's name tattooed on his right forearm in black cursive script three weeks after the toddler died.
6028	The couple headed to Lake Como to celebrate ten years together, with Rochelle wearing a stunning white gown and a veil that featured cursive script on the edge.
6029	The course will help students develop key communication skills, including verbal, non-verbal, bullet-point and formal scripts, as well as listening.
6030	The court an intimate tattoo of Zara was visible at times – which she earlier told police meant 'Victor' in Chinese calligraphy.
6031	The court heard that police also seized a set of digital scales and several small sealable bags typically used by dealers.
6032	The courtroom set is no better than the Macy’s design, as white-washed walls remain mostly barren with an undersized Great Seal of the State of New York hanging above the judge’s head, a cabeza larger than the seal itself.
6033	The courtyard between old and new Capitols, the first-floor lobby around the Great Seal, and the fourth-floor rotunda between the House and Senate chambers have had countless public demonstrations for nearly a half-century.
6034	The cover announced the title of the magazine in a hard-edged stencil recalling construction signage (“men at work”) with the participating artists’ names listed in cursive script below, a fusion of graphic styles coded as masculine and feminine.
6035	The cover features the great seal of the U.S. with its motto: “e pluribus unum” — one out of many.
6036	The craftsmanship in making ink stick and ink slab was at its height of prosperity for over 600 years during the Ming and Qing dynasties.
6037	The creative dance “Ink Dance Mid-Autumn” fuses calligraphy with dance, using the dancers' physical bodies to elicit the beauty of Chinese calligraphy in a dynamic dance form.
6038	The cron utility is used for running scripts and commands at regular intervals, and at specific times and dates.
6039	The cross-env package will allow us to set environment variables when running scripts in our package.json file without any errors, regardless of our platform-specific syntax or our OS.
6040	The crowd on the square, however, had no interest in the official script.
6041	The crown of the round illustrates the American bald eagle along with the Great Seal of the United States to symbolize freedom.
6042	The cuff links bear the great seal of the United States.
6043	The culprit was a "small seal of about 100 kilograms" which had not "displayed any aggressive behaviour before the dive", the report noted.
6044	The cultural and artistic display will be themed on traditional Chinese New Year Celebrations, with a lion dance, Chinese New Year folk dance, Baby Rabbit, a Han costume show, Chinese calligraphy, Red envelope games and Ceilidh taking place at the Mound.
6045	The cultural stations are making Chinese lanterns, making Chinese paper dragons, pitch-pot, Gong game, magnet fishing and Chinese color, whack a mole and Chinese greeting, Chinese character and zodiac tattoo, Chinese calligraphy, chopsticks game, lantern riddles in Chinese and English, photo booth with props and Panda mascot, etc.
6046	The cultural week features exhibitions of Chinese and Nigerian cultures, photography and short video contests, a Chinese calligraphy competition, and films showcasing the fruitful results of cooperation between the two countries.
6047	The current design gets back to the roots with the cursive script "Finals" overlaying the Larry O’Brien Trophy.
6048	The curse tablet was discovered by an Italian archaeological team sometime between 1949 and 1954, but the inscription was difficult to make out.
6049	The curse tablets are inscriptions written on lead and often thrown into springs or wells, usually cursing someone for theft or some other wrongdoing.The most famous of these are the Curse Tablets to Sulis Minerva, written in Latin and found in the waters at Bath, England, although one curse tablet from a gladiator has survived in the ruins of the Roman amphitheater in Wales.
6050	The cursive script and elegant floral design are the work of artist Dana Tanamachi.
6051	The cursive script doubles as the building’s windows and displays three quotations by His Highness Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Vice President and Prime Minister of the UAE and Ruler of Dubai.
6052	The cursive script has more flexibility, for it only maintains the essence of each character and expresses more personal exertion.
6053	The cursive script is positioned directly next to a red flower that the man had previously got inked on his arm.
6054	The cursive script lettering with subtle blue trim, the stars and stripes down the sides, blue and white trim on the collar and arms, and the "13 stars" logo on the waistband.
6055	The cursive script of the title in bold red suggests lipstick, blood and mayhem (although these days proofs look different thanks to editing software programs, but you get the general idea).
6056	The cursive script on the jersey front matches the Yankees font.
6057	The cursive script reads "Still I Rise," the title of a poem by the renowned author, poet and civil rights activist, Maya Angelou.
6058	The cursive script scrawls down Claira's skin, looping across the finger on her left hand that, at another moment in time, might hold a ring.
6059	The cursive script signifies his path to playing college basketball.
6060	The cursive script spelling out “Thank You” in gold foil repeats on four different background colors of maroon, muted green, blue gray and deep blue.
6061	The cursive script was handwritten in blue ink and had $18 attached.
6062	The cushions on them are super soft, and form a great seal around your ear, so even without noise cancelling turned on not much sound gets in.
6063	The dancers have been given scenes from movies which are more like guidelines than a formal script.
6064	The database is now at the new version, without the customer manually running scripts.
6065	The day of holding the dialogue coincided with the United Nations' Chinese Language Day, and the Indian youth displayed Chinese calligraphy and sang songs in Chinese and Hindi to mark the day.
6066	The dead language left behind a rich record of cuneiform script, however, preserved on clay tablets and stone inscriptions.
6067	The dead of Lord Carnarvon, financial backer of the exhibition, short time after his visit of the tomb as well as the mysterious inscription on a clay tablet, which was found in the tomb, fueled the media interest.
6068	The deal between MTV Entertainment Studios and the creators of South Park includes extending the series through 2027, meaning that that longest running scripted series will go to at least season 30.
6069	The debate that is sure to follow the POTUS’s executive order should perhaps not focus on classicism per se, but on the dubious advisability of mandating an official style at all.
6070	The deceased has been identified as Li-Shu Xiajian who was in a Nissan Ratio registration number BU 9884 and was being driven by a Malawian on October 17.
6071	The dedication page of MariNaomi’s new visual memoir, “I Thought You Loved Me,” reads, in meticulously rendered, chalk-colored cursive script: “For Chris Smith.” It’s a perplexing tribute, given that soon into the book readers learn that the author has trouble remembering just who this person was or what part he played in the story being told.
6072	The default medium tips provide a great seal for me.
6073	The delegation of Soviet children - amid the end of war, celebratory atmosphere and continuing cooperation between the two nations - gave him a carved wooden plaque of the Great Seal of the United States.
6074	The delegation of powers to Counsellors of State is made by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the Realm, and the Queen will sign the document.
6075	The delegation of powers to Counsellors of State is made by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the Realm, which the Queen will sign.
6076	The delegation of powers to Counsellors of State is made by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the Realm.
6077	The delicate ink reads "grace" in cursive script just above Bieber's right eyebrow.
6078	The department said the Great Seal was “an important part of the identity and history of the Norfolk Island community”.
6079	The descendants of late artist Lo Chia-Lun donated a Chinese calligraphy collection valued at over $12 million to the University of Michigan Museum of Art in January 2022, making it the largest art donation in the museum’s history.
6080	The design concept pf the main building is derived from the inkstone of traditional Chinese calligraphy.
6081	The design features the names Otis and Daisy in a fine cursive script.
6082	The design is inspired by the 1945 version of the Great Seal of the United States, where the eagle faces to the right, toward the olive branch.
6083	The design is inspired by the 1945 version of the Great Seal of the United States, which portrays the eagle facing right toward the olive branch.
6084	The design is still in prototype stages, so hopefully by the time it hits the market, it will have evolved into a slender gold chain that magically straightens your back without the invasive scents.
6085	The design of federal buildings has been based on a set of principles for 50 years that require dignified buildings that represent the “stability of the American government” but warn against an official style.
6086	The design of the Great Seal of Scotland is the responsibility of the Lord Lyon King of Arms.
6087	The design of the Great Seal of the State of Georgia, itself, was specified in the Georgia State Constitution in 1877.
6088	The design of the card is also pretty, as it has a red background with large double hearts and cursive script.
6089	The design of the font in Huawei's HarmonyOS system was inspired by Chinese calligraphy dating back 3,000 years, a Huawei designer said in Shanghai on Wednesday.
6090	The design of the new stamp features “a fanciful garden of colorful flowers surrounding the word ‘Love’ written in cursive script,” according to the Postal Service.
6091	The design style of the word “Wa” combines traditional Chinese calligraphy art, and the inspiration comes from the nickname of the game by the Chinese fan community.
6092	The desilting of a tank, which had once been an irrigation structure, adjacent to the Sri Kasi Viswanathar Temple at Woraiyur in the city has led to the unearthing of a stone tablet inscription, which indicates that the tank was a gift from a Jeer.
6093	The developers would build the code, QA would test it, and operations would deploy the code to production using checklists, scheduling hours of downtime windows, and running scripts or replacing the new code manually on the servers.
6094	The device's handwriting recognition is fast and fairly impressive, and I was surprised to find it could even read my cursive script — I grew up learning a fancy style known as copperplate, and it's still in my muscle memory — with relatively few errors.
6095	The die has a slot to slide the aluminum strip, then the punch is placed in the die, and then a crisp, swift, downward stroke on the punch will push it through the aluminum.
6096	The difference in surface hardness between the steel brush and the carbon pad results in excessive wear debris that collects on the steel brush tips.
6097	The dining room displayed the American flag, the State of Michigan flag and the Great Seal of the State of Michigan emblem hangs on the wall.
6098	The dining rooms of both share elements like ornate tasseled lanterns and Chinese calligraphy on the wall.
6099	The direct mailers included a seal meant to look as if it were from a government agency, sharing several similarities with the Great Seal of the United States.
6100	The direction of reading and the cursive script, which may or may not include vowels, are the two major hurdles for Arab learners.
6101	The discovery of the mausoleum puts an end to this long-running rumor which emerged due to the discovery of an ancient stone tablet with inscriptions in Fenghuangzui.
6102	The discovery of the stone tablet is of great significance to the study of folk customs, calligraphy and carving techniques.
6103	The displayed surface is dark, nebulous and studded with light, while concentrated vertical strokes of black and blue brightly lash its splotchy backside.
6104	The document bears an indistinct fragment of the Great Seal.
6105	The document has the great seal of Goryeo, which was bestowed by the emperor of the Ming Dynasty, stamped on it above the issuance date.
6106	The documentary called Wang, the avid golfer, a “double-faced person.” The walls of his golf mansion, the footage showed, are decorated with Chinese calligraphy, including texts that boasted how much he cared about the public and how little he cared about money and fame.
6107	The documents, which have "hanko" name seals stamped on them, will be scanned over a five-year period beginning 2021.
6108	The dogleg component is particularly intriguing because it utilizes an all-but-obsolete shift pattern, in which the first to second gear change involves an “up-and-over” move, rather than a single downward stroke.
6109	The dollar sign, like The Great Seal of the United States, which was designed by Charles Thomson, another Freemason and secretary at the signing of The Declaration of Independence, is a freemasonic creature or device which is endowed with occult significance, even though it is publicly displayed to us, “the profane”, as Freemasons call us.
6110	The double broad and oblique nibs offer a rather calligraphic look to one's writing, as the horizontal strokes will be much narrower than the vertical, thanks to the shape of the tipping material.
6111	The downward stroke of the pedal starts with a combination of the gluteal and quadriceps muscles.
6112	The downward stroke, meanwhile, was found to help the butterflies remain in the air rather than falling to the ground.
6113	The drug can be transported to France in suitcases, on passengers (in the soles of their shoes or the padding of clothing, for example) or ingested in the form of 'eggs' [small sealed packages of the drug that can be swallowed].
6114	The dual 6-inch woofers in the improbably small sealed subwoofer couple perfectly to one of our top powered speakers, an effortlessly integrated component capable of bringing a wide sweet spot to a small room.
6115	The dual-ended brow product features a precise brow pencil and brush tip to mimic the effect of microbladed brows without the commitment.
6116	The dual-sided tool has a brush tip that allows you to create even lines, as well as an angled stamp for adding that classing “wing” at the edge of each eye.
6117	The dubious story, which has no named author, claims the former president’s security outfit is called “NOS United” and that “‘NOS’ stands for ‘Novus Ordo Seclorum,’ or New World Order.” That Latin phrase, which can be translated as “new order of the ages,” actually appears on the reverse side of the Great Seal of the United States that is printed on the back of the dollar bill.
6118	The durable nylon brush tips hold their shape to ensure precise mark making.
6119	The duty of chairing an exam is taken seriously by officials, Huang said, adding that a committee member once prepared a Qing Dynasty cinnabar ink stick for the occasion, while others have been known to use ink brushes made from the hair of infants gifted by friends or family, he said.
6120	The eagle design is inspired by the 1945 version of the Great Seal of the United States.
6121	The eagle has arrows and olive branches in its talons, and unlike the eagle in the Great Seal of the United States which faces the olive branches representing peace, the debate eagle faces the arrows.
6122	The eagle on the Great Seal of America, however, looks left.
6123	The eagle on the Great Seal of the United States grips arrows in one talon, a peace offering of an olive branch in the other.
6124	The eagle on the great seal of the United States holds in its beak a ribbon with the motto, E Pluribus Unum.
6125	The eagle, which is inscribed as the other half of the Great Seal, is seen holding 13 arrows, a shield with 13 stripes and 13 stars in the constellation over its head.
6126	The ear pads create a great seal and the level of comfort is very good with the pads putting just enough pressure on the sides of your head to keep them stable and in situ – although your ears can get a bit hot during longer listening sessions.
6127	The earbuds also provide a great seal against ambient noise but its lack of active noise cancellation (ANC) means its ability to block out outside noise is not as good as its ANC-equipped peers, such as the Apple AirPods Pro and the Sony WF-1000XM3.
6128	The earbuds also provide a great seal against ambient noise, but its lack of active noise cancellation (ANC) means its ability to block out outside noise is not as good as its ANC-equipped peers, such as the Apple AirPods Pro and the Sony WF-1000XM3.
6129	The earbuds fit perfectly in the concha of the ear canal with a great seal and do not pop out easily even when shaking your head aggressively.
6130	The earcups created a great seal for noise cancellation, and I enjoyed the music streaming from my phone.
6131	The earliest Hebrew writing previously found—the Khirbet Qeiyafa ostracon found in the dig at the ancient fortress city near the central Israeli city of Beit Shemesh—was dated from 1000 BCE, making the inscription on this tablet 200 to 400 years older, Stripling said.
6132	The earliest Hebrew writing previously found—the Khirbet Qeiyafa ostracon found in the dig at the ancient fortress city near the central Israeli town of Beit Shemesh—was dated from 1000 BCE, making the inscription on this tablet 200 to 400 years older.
6133	The earliest recorded use was on the reverse side of the Great Seal used by Alexander the Second (ruled 1214-49), where the king is depicted on horseback, with an upright lion symbol on his saddle and shield.
6134	The easiest customer to get is the one you have and by using the reference surgeons that have already are running scripts for it and then using them to influence other surgeons for all the right reasons is the strategy we're currently embarking on today, and we think that's really going to drive unit volume on our HIT rapid manual test.
6135	The eastern city of Linyi traces its history back 2,400 years, and was the home of statesman Zhuge Liang (the creator of empty fort strategy) and master calligrapher Wang Xizhi.
6136	The effect of viewing Smith’s brush and ink Untitled, from 1957, and the late 15th–early 16th century hand scroll by the Ming era artist, Zhu Yunming, is startling.
6137	The effect works for part-cloudy skies like this, but if it doesn’t give you strong rays you could try painting a few white blobs with the brush tool (experiment with different brush tips) then blur these instead.
6138	The efficiency of the roller is demonstrated to jaw-dropping effect on YouTube and TikTok videos by a business called Amana Painting in Surrey, B.C. A pro applies paint in an extended zigzag then covers the entire wall with continuous vertical strokes.
6139	The eggs are made of birch and painted in shades of pink, yellow, green and blue selected by first lady Melania Trump bearing the Great Seal of the United States.
6140	The elaborately designed notice of approval is transcribed in calligraphy and issued under the Great Seal of the Realm.
6141	The electrons repel from the roller and attract to the electronless brush tips while the positive atoms attract to the negatively charged roller.
6142	The emblem for the 2022 Winter Olympics is called “winter dream.” The design is based on Chinese calligraphy for the word “winter” and also shows a symbolic skater at the top and skier at the bottom.
6143	The emblem on the Jeep included a portion of the great seal of the United States and the words "United States of America Citizens Task Force," an emblem that also appeared on the faxes received by the construction company.
6144	The emblem was replaced with the Great Seal of Mississippi, portraying an eagle with spread wings and a shield with stars and stripes centered on its chest.
6145	The employees of Bella Vita Salon in Machias came up with the idea of showing support for the people who loved him by flying white and yellow balloons, and the wider community quickly joined in.
6146	The emporia is an infrastructure, it doesn’t have to be your name seal.
6147	The enamel-safe, carbamide peroxide-based formula is easy to apply with the brush tip, so you can complete an entire treatment in just a couple of minutes.
6148	The entire collection of confiscated items includes pottery and stone vessels, figurines, clay tablets bearing inscriptions, coins and incantation bowls — an assemblage of great importance to the understanding of the ancient Near East.
6149	The epigraphist from Birur town in Chikkamagaluru district took a fancy to the knowledge hidden in stones, and is one among a small number of people who can understand ‘Modi lipi’, a cursive script used to write several languages, including Kannada.
6150	The epitaph of Luo was inscribed by Yan Zhenqing, one of the most renowned calligraphers in Chinese history who was a county official back then, Xu said.
6151	The erudite scholar was one of the Four Great Calligraphers of the early Tang Dynasty, along with Yu Shinan, Chu Suiliang and Xue Ji.
6152	The event also included demonstrations of paper lantern decorating and Chinese calligraphy.
6153	The event also included paper lantern decorating and Chinese calligraphy demonstrations.
6154	The event also includes an exhibition showcasing calligraphic works in Chinese, in Nom (Sino-Vietnamese) and Vietnamese official scripts to help local people learn more about the art of calligraphy.
6155	The event also provided them an opportunity to practice Chinese calligraphy, draw in the Chinese style, and play classical Chinese musical instruments.
6156	The event included country booths, different activities (origami, henna, Chinese calligraphy, djembe and others), exotic food and international performers.
6157	The event included student-led activities, an international activity involving Tai Chi and Chinese calligraphy and an acapella group.
6158	The event includes Chinese calligraphy, a letter from Elizabeth I to the Emperor of China and talks.
6159	The event is a milestone in terms of the rise of modern archeology, combining as it did traditional epigraphy, the study of inscriptions on ancient bronzes and stone tablets, and Western archeological field studies.
6160	The event requires balance and strength as athletes try to kick a small seal skin ball dangling from a string above them.
6161	The event will include a Chinese tea ceremony and Chinese calligraphy, as well as live traditional Chinese music and Chinese Opera.
6162	The event will provide a platform for visitors and students to interact and source directly with the exhibitors, showcasing their modern folk paintings, paper-cutting, bird-worm seal script, ceramic handicrafts, dough modelling etc.
6163	The event will showcase a 45-minute performance program featuring professional artists and students of NYCCC’s School of the Arts, as well as a hands-on Chinese calligraphy and ink brush painting workshop for kids and adults.
6164	The event, which took place at Newmarket Library, involved youngsters being creative with Chinese calligraphy, traditional paper cutting, and story time.
6165	The event, which was live-streamed to millions around the globe, was a 45-minute artistic display, unfolded in drama, a piece of poetic writing and a scroll of calligraphy created by acclaimed artist, Cai Guo-Qiang.
6166	The event, with more than 40 attendees, featured activities including Chinese calligraphy writing, paper-cutting art, and quizzes about Chinese trending music and Chinese culture.
6167	The events will include Chinese calligraphy demonstrations and lion dancing.
6168	The excavation team also unearthed 14 inscriptions carved on stone tablets and 45 inscriptions written on pottery.
6169	The excavation team also unearthed inscriptions carved on stone tablets and pottery.
6170	The excellent nonflammability and high thermal stability of the new Xuan paper can safeguard China's precious calligraphy and paintings, documents, books and archives for a very long period of time.
6171	The exhibit features influential 20th-century artists such as Xu Bing and Gu Wenda, and others who have challenged and reinvented the age-old traditions of Chinese calligraphy.
6172	The exhibit of Bush’s art is called “Out of Many, One,” the English translation of the E Pluribus Unum motto on the Great Seal of the United States.
6173	The exhibit of Bush’s art is called, “Out of Many, One,” the English translation of the E Pluribus Unum motto on the Great Seal of the United States.
6174	The exhibition features a narration of the friendship between the three artists — Mo Shilong (1537-1587), Dong Qichang (1555-1636) and Chen Jiru (1558-1639), through the display of their artwork.
6175	The exhibition included paintings of rock pools on Xuan paper, two hanging installations, a short video titled ‘Pipi a Fish Out of Water’ and a related interactive installation.
6176	The exhibition presents the artist's monumental contemporary Chinese calligraphy work inspired by Prof.
6177	The exhibition showcases a wide range of pieces in different mediums, including painting, photography, drawing, engraving, installation, Chinese calligraphy, glass fusing and video.
6178	The exhibition, which runs through March 19, has on display the limited edition of the Shanghai watch bearing the logo of Chairman Mao’s cursive script, the Butterfly sewing machine, the Red Lantern radio and the Wahson fan with the fan-speed controller on the front panel.
6179	The exhibits include photos of the province's renowned landmarks, local signature products as well as Chinese calligraphy works and paintings by local artists.
6180	The exhibits showcase avant-garde artists such as Malevich, Kandinsky, Chagall, Goncharova and Popova, as well as nonconformist artists of the 1960s and 1970s who refused to accept the official style.
6181	The expect command is handy for running scripts that require a long series of answers and allows you to run them in an un-manned fashion while autoexpect makes it easy to create expect scripts without stressing out over the syntactical details.
6182	The expenses included five extracurricular courses, such as Chinese calligraphy and physical education.
6183	The experience includes a gourmet dinner, a traditional Chinese music demonstration, a sunrise hike through the Chinese countryside, a Chinese calligraphy lesson and conversations with the Great Wall's official historians.
6184	The experience includes a gourmet dinner, a traditional Chinese music demonstration, a sunrise hike through the Chinese countryside, a Chinese calligraphy lesson and conversations with the Great Wall’s official historians.
6185	The facade window adopts the gradual skin texture with parametric deduction, which is intended to take the historical traces carved in the Gongyi Grottoes of Henan Province, adding delicate layers to the architectural form as the inscriptions on bronze objects.
6186	The face of the Great Seal of the State of Florida die measures approximately 1.5 inches in diameter.
6187	The facility is represented by CohenOrthopedic, LLC, the Great Seal Medical Group, LLC, and ValueHealth.
6188	The failure of those—who see themselves as educated and informed, who are at the helm of this nation—to acknowledge and engage the predominantly white, no-longer-silent disenfranchised as much shapes this book as does the elaborate cursive script the Oregon Desert Trail inscribes across southeastern Oregon.
6189	The fair will include many other artefacts from the Elizabethan age, including Queen Elizabeth I’s Second Great Seal, which was created at a time when she was trying to cement her public image.
6190	The fair, attended by hundreds of people, brought together traditional Chinese dance, music, martial arts, Taiji, as well as Chinese calligraphy and painting workshops.
6191	The famous Cadbury logo, with its distinctive cursive script, was introduced on the transport fleet in 1921 but was not used across brand packaging until the 1950s.
6192	The famous Great Seal outside of the library, shown above, was actually part of the walkway, before being relocated to its current location.
6193	The fascinating thing about Cai’s process is that it produces fascinating visual textures that evoke everything from Chinese calligraphy to fractal patterns found in nature, such as trees, waves or clouds, in which small fragments echo the shape of the whole, and vice versa.
6194	The fast-food chain has an impressive variety of brand assets, including a stand-alone chicken head logo, a logo in cursive script, and its adorable family of cows with the “Eat Mor Chikin’” tagline.
6195	The federal election writs were unlawful as they were issued without the Great Seal of the Commonwealth.
6196	The federal law explicitly banning the use of the presidential seal for commercial reasons says "whoever knowingly displays any printed or other likeness of the great seal of the United States … for the purpose of conveying, or in a manner reasonably calculated to convey, a false impression of sponsorship or approval by the Government," can be fined and/or spend up to six months in jail.
6197	The felt brush tip and matte finish are ideal for creating cat eyes and super skinny lines that can be built into thicker, bold looks.
6198	The felt or brush tip can be used to apply thin, precise lines to your eyelids for neutral makeup looks or edgier takes.
6199	The female agent appeared to be holding a small sealed bottle.
6200	The festival also featured Chinese calligraphy, arts and crafts, as well as games to entertain people of all ages.
6201	The festival will also feature hands-on activities — ranging from making Mexican paper flowers and Ukrainian dolls to learning Chinese calligraphy and how to dance the tango — that participants can take part in on the lower level of the Salt Lake City Public Library.
6202	The festival will feature family-friendly activities, such as Chinese calligraphy and Japanese origami.
6203	The few words were carved in a simple cursive script using a sharp tool such as a nail into a flat chalkstone slab that was likely taken from an ossuary lid.
6204	The fibre-tip pens boast flexible brush tips, which allow users to create think lines with with full pressure or thin lines with light pressure - meaning they can be used for a wide range of projects, such as brush-lettering, comic drawing, and hobbies such as card making.
6205	The figure kneels, lifting her right hand in a fist, and holds a tablet with the inscription “Black Lives Matter”.
6206	The final of the 2020 Oracle Bone Inscriptions Cup “Chinese Characters and Me” Speech Contest for International Students concluded on Nov.
6207	The final scripting of the show reportedly went out after 9 pm ET, so RAW was an hour into the show before an official script was completed.
6208	The final section explores the language of signs, notably the influence of Chinese calligraphy.
6209	The fine brush tip glides over the lash line smoothly, dispensing a thick formula that dries to a vivid black and gives the effect of a gel liner - but without the tedium of using a pot liner with a separate brush that needs to be cleaned daily.
6210	The fine brush tip is the perfect length for creating long skinny lines and wing tips without being unwieldy.
6211	The fine brush tip is used to groom the brows, softly blending the colour to give a natural finish.
6212	The fine brush tip of this brow pen dispenses product in thin hair-like strokes.
6213	The fine brush tip stubbornly refuses to fray, giving you a perfectly even cat’s eye flick every time, and the formula proved impressively waterproof when tested in the shower.
6214	The first Act starts with familiar territory in presenting a gallery talk, with a figure standing in front of the Chinese calligraphy.
6215	The first Illinois General Assembly decided to use the Great Seal of the United States as the main artwork for the state’s seal.
6216	The first coin shows the reverse of the Great Seal of Queen Victoria.
6217	The first committee on the Great Seal was formed on July 4, 1776.
6218	The first component should be an official style that is likely to make the essay flow smoothly and clearly.
6219	The first emperor appointed his prime minister Li Si to standardize the written Chinese texts by promulgating the Small Seal Script as the imperial state’s official language (see the top image).
6220	The first ever menu we know of was carved into a stone tablet -- also known as a stele when positioned upright and adorned with inscriptions.
6221	The first example of that are zip-top bags which combine the extreme durability of barrier bags and the great sealing power of zipper bags.
6222	The first minister also becomes custodian of the Great Seal of Scotland, the ceremonial mould that, under a tradition dating back to 1094, creates the wax seals that confirm new legislation has had the approval of the monarch.
6223	The first minister of Scotland is the head of the Scottish Government and keeper of the Great Seal of Scotland.
6224	The first official script reading for Thor: Love and Thunder looks absolutely riveting, with returning star Chris Hemsworth taking to social media to share an image of how excited everyone involved is about the upcoming Marvel sequel.
6225	The first poster, telling adherents to “think smart,” shows a devilish figure looming over several icons in flames: the United Nations, the Federal Reserve, Universal Studios Hollywood, CNN, NATO Allied Command Transformation and NASA, along with the reverse of the Great Seal on the U.S. dollar bill.
6226	The first two have been performed, which depict the life stories of Xu Jie (prime minister in the Ming Dynasty) and painter Dong Qichang (1555-1636).
6227	The first two-mask set, the “Char Custom Version,” salutes ace mecha pilot Char Aznable, with one mask featuring the partial visage of the Red Comet’s specially modified Zaku mobile suit, and the other bearing his personal insignia and name in cursive script.
6228	The first-time Oscars producer also said the joke that started it all wasn't in the official script.
6229	The five-pillar staggered monument dedicated to the service and sacrifices of the U.S. armed forces in Anthem’s Community Park will have its annual solar spotlight on the Great Seal of the United States at 11:11 a.m. on Nov.
6230	The flag features “The Great Seal of the City of Pittsburgh,” which includes William Pitt’s coat of arms and a triple-towered castle overtop, overlaid on a triband of black and gold.A castle symbolizing a city isn’t just too literal, it’s too old.
6231	The flat edge can be used in small, back-and-forth motions to reduce wrinkles while the curved edge is nice for long downward strokes.
6232	The flexible brush tip and long-lasting formula makes it easy to achieve wings of any size.
6233	The flexible brush tip gently “paints” each tooth, creating a brighter smile with just one minute of daily use.
6234	The flexible brush tip gives you lines from super-thin to broad and allows those sweeping curves so important to fancy calligraphy and decorative artwork.
6235	The flexible brush tip has over 1,000 soft vegan bristles and is designed to achieve thin lines with light pressure, or thicker, even stokes with more precision.
6236	The flexible brush tip is uniquely designed to provide the traditional Japanese and Chinese brush pen characteristics.
6237	The flexible brush tips give you an edge of effortless painting.
6238	The flexible, fine brush tip is smooth and fluent, so it's suitable for beginners as well as pros, and gives good clean lines whether pressed firmly or lightly.
6239	The flightless bird is a descendent of the flying white-throated rail.
6240	The flip side presents an early version of the Great Seal of the United States.
6241	The flow of the brush is a feature that is like a pencil used to make darker shades.
6242	The flower was chosen as Idaho’s state flower as it had been included on the Great Seal of the State of Idaho since the 1890s, where it was depicted, sprouting at the feet of a goddess.
6243	The flowing forms of written Chinese are the result of drawing them with paint brushes, much like the Gothic writing of Medieval Europe was shaped by the downward strokes of broad pointed, ink-dipped bones and other writing utensils favored by monks who transcribed books of the era.
6244	The flowing lines of Chinese calligraphy “are rendered beautifully and dramatically” in the seat, he told the Star.
6245	The fluidity of the paint and the speed of the brush dabbing wet-in-wet suggest a locale – a broken downward stroke for a tree, a single horizontal one for the water’s edge – without depicting it.
6246	The focus of this week's top story was a United States 20¢ Great Seal Official Mail coil stamp from 1983 that has been certified as a tagging-omitted error.
6247	The focus, though, never wavered from the dynamic duo of Carney, in his Hawaiian-ish shirt punishing his modest-sized drum kit with downward strokes and pedal kicks from his Chuck Taylors, and Auerbach, in his gas station chic attire, bending low while blasting clean and pure goodness from his tethered guitars.
6248	The following players hold a major share of the Four Treasures of the Study market and their functioning affects the outcomes of the global market.
6249	The following year Opie made Self-Portrait/Pervert (1994), in which she appears with a leather bondage hood over her head, with the word 'pervert' etched into her chest in cursive script and 23 hypodermic needles threaded through the skin of each arm.
6250	The font, which has also been called the "wonton" font, emulates the brush strokes of Chinese calligraphy, was commonly used by restaurants in the past.
6251	The font, which has also been called the “wonton” font, emulates the brush strokes of Chinese calligraphy, was commonly used by restaurants in the past.
6252	The formal document, written in calligraphy and sealed by the Great Seal of the Realm, has been widely anticipated as to how it would be worded.
6253	The formal script used by the ancient Egyptians in their tombs and carved monuments were hieroglyphics—a rich script with about 1,000 distinct characters representing sounds and concepts.
6254	The formation of six script styles of Chinese calligraphy is bound with religious activities, official records and private correspondence.
6255	The former wife of Scotty Pippen carried along a slim black clutch that featured her name in glittering cursive script.
6256	The founder also paid homage to Chinese calligraphy through ideogram-printed dress and his use of jacquard.
6257	The founders chose e pluribus unum to put on the Great Seal of the United States in 1782.
6258	The founders of this nation rightly thought they were creating something new in the history of the world, a novus ordo seclorum — a “new order of the ages,” words found on the great seal of the United States on every $1 bill.
6259	The four Chinese characters "wendi xingxi" were incised in xiaozhuan, or "small seal script," a calligraphy style in which all lines are of even thickness and curves and circles predominate.
6260	The four intended appointees are meant to replace four commissioners who had been installed by President Trump, and who helped shape a controversial executive order intended to promote neoclassical architecture as the official style for federal buildings in Washington and at new federal courthouses elsewhere.
6261	The four intended appointees are meant to replace four commissioners who had been installed by former President Donald Trump, and who helped shape a controversial executive order intended to promote neoclassical architecture as the official style for federal buildings in Washington and at new federal courthouses elsewhere.
6262	The four intended appointees are meant to replace four commissioners who had been installed by former President Donald Trump, some of whom helped to shape a controversial executive order intended to promote neoclassical architecture as the official style for federal buildings in Washington and at new federal courthouses elsewhere.
6263	The four stamps share the same design of the phrase “Thank You” spelled out in cursive script and printed in gold foil with gold floral ornamentation.
6264	The fragile Requiem to My Nephew, written during the Tang dynasty by Yan Zhenqing will be on display in the Tokyo National Museum from Wednesday until February 24.
6265	The free event will include activities and presentations like Taiko drumming, classic Filipino dancing, Chinese calligraphy, Hawaiian featherwork, and more.
6266	The free, family-friendly afternoon is to include festive cuisine, dragon and lion dances, and the opportunity to learn Chinese calligraphy.
6267	The free, family-friendly event will include festive cuisine, dragon and lion dances, and the opportunity to learn Chinese calligraphy.
6268	The front endpaper carries an inscription to “Alice and Hamlet, from Plummer and Ida, Dec-25-1963,” written with a fountain pen in elegant cursive script that resembles my mother’s handwriting—and that of many other women of her time.
6269	The front of the jerseys also has "Notre Dame" written in the same cursive script that the Yankees use, and block numbers that also mirror the baseball team's style.
6270	The front of the watch carries an embossed Great Seal.
6271	The functions are fairly straight forward as upward/downward strokes adjust the volume while a right/left swipe skips tracks.
6272	The functions are identical with upward/downward strokes adjusting the volume while a right/left swipe skips tracks.
6273	The furniture in their home was mostly made of red wood, and the walls were decorated with Chinese calligraphy and paintings.
6274	The future prospects and business opportunities in the Four Treasures of the Study market look good.
6275	The gadget’s body is spring green, its name written in the kind of cursive script reserved for celebrity perfumes.
6276	The gambit flowed from Garcia's view that "South America looks like it's in a type of Cold War, like the big ideological blocs of the 20th century." He said that in 2008 while wearing a tie clasp with the Great Seal of the United States on it.
6277	The gambit flowed from Garcia’s view that “South America looks like it’s in a type of Cold War, like the big ideological blocs of the 20th century.” He said that in 2008 while wearing a tie clasp with the Great Seal of the United States on it.
6278	The general rule is upward vertical strokes on the long bones towards your heart (arms and legs) and circular strokes on the joints (elbows, knees, shoulders).
6279	The genius behind the longest running scripted show in broadcast history revealed he has been asked to ease up on jokes about Fox News.
6280	The gesture by Kyees and her friends is the latest kindness experienced by the couple during a difficult time, as Teigen wrote in her essay that the overwhelming outpouring of support has left their floors "covered in flowers of kindness." The mother of two has also gotten a tattoo of Jack's name in cursive script in his memory.
6281	The giant marble inscription tablet right in front of the heritage stone looked unwashed with a thick layer of grime.
6282	The gin comes in a rectangular glass bottle from France with the ingredients written in Chinese calligraphy and stylised into a tree.
6283	The girl was able to describe a Chinese calligraphy tattoo Phythian has near her private parts and described how Marke pretended to be asleep before joining in the abuse.
6284	The girls’ uniforms have been styled under the supervision of fashion wunderkind, and one of StyleCaster’s 50 Most Stylish New Yorkers, Andrew Mukamal, who we caught up with at the Kmart location at Astor Place, right here in New York City, to see how he put together the official styles for Kmart Concierge service.
6285	The glamorous outfits at Royal Ascot are as much a part of the day as the racing itself, which is why the annual event has helped guests out by sharing it's tenth official style guide.
6286	The glitzy publication opened with a Welcome from Trump, his portrait photo, and his signature writ in a broad nib, vertical strokes sharp like shark teeth.
6287	The global Four Treasures of the Study Market report includes an overview, which interprets value chain structure, industrial environment, regional analysis, applications, types market size, and forecast.
6288	The global Four Treasures of the Study Market report unravels the secret ingredients used by competitors to meet the demands of their target audience.
6289	The global Four Treasures of the Study market is known to be one of the top market across the world.
6290	The global Four Treasures of the Study market takes a lot of its cues from the USA market, and sometimes the Asian markets.
6291	The global impacts of the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) are already starting to be felt, and will significantly affect the Four Treasures of the Study market in 2020.
6292	The goggles were comfortable to wear, though they didn’t form a great seal around the sides of my head.
6293	The gold medal features the Great Seal of King Charles II and a view of London before the fire on the obverse, while a commemorative reverse depicts a phoenix arising from a block of burning buildings over the Thames.
6294	The good: They recovered a long scroll of calligraphy written by none other than Mao Zedong that had been stolen from the collector's apartment.
6295	The government updated the “Yukon and the Yukon” section of the official style guide this month, bringing back the definite article before the territorial name — at least in informal materials.
6296	The grave in question features a marble angel holding a tablet reading "Rest in Peace" in Latin, above a tombstone with an inscription dedicated to a German prince who was nominated archbishop by Pope Pio IX in 1857, and his wife.
6297	The grave in question features a marble angel holding a tablet reading "Rest in Peace" in Latin, above a tombstone with an inscription dedicated to a German who was nominated by Pope Pio IX in 1857, and his wife.
6298	The grave in question features a marble angel holding a tablet reading 'Rest in Peace' in Latin, above a tombstone with an inscription dedicated to a German prince who was nominated archbishop by Pope Pio IX in 1857, and his wife.
6299	The grave in question features a marble angel holding a tablet reading “Rest in Peace” in Latin, above a tombstone with an inscription dedicated to a German prince who was nominated archbishop by Pope Pio IX in 1857, and his wife.
6300	The great majestic creature – appropriately authenticating documents of the United States of America emblazoned as it was on the Great Seal – didn’t move and apparently didn’t care about the weather.
6301	The great seal Daegunjubo made out of silver is 7.9 centimeters tall and 12.7 centimeters long.
6302	The great seal of Atlanta depicts a phoenix rising from the ashes, tribute to the city’s tumultuous past.
6303	The great seal of Iowa features a citizen soldier armed with a musket.
6304	The great seal of North Carolina is seen outside the state legislature building in Raleigh, N.C.
6305	The great seal of North Carolina is seen outside the state legislature building in Raleigh, North Carolina, May 9, 2016.
6306	The great seal of the United States bears the phrase “E Pluribus Unum,” and at times like these, we must remember that guiding principle of our nation: out of many, one.
6307	The great seal of the United States pictures a collection of bound rods with the inscription e pluribus unum, namely out of many, one.
6308	The great seal of the United States proudly proclaims —“E pleribus Unum” (meaning ‘Out of the many, One’) encapsulating both a truth and a promise.
6309	The great seal of the United States was surrounded by 36 stars, indicating that it had been made between 1865 and 1867.
6310	The great seal of the commonwealth of Massachusetts, since 1898, has included a Native American figure with a bow in one hand and an arrow in the other.
6311	The great thing about both brush tips is that they score high on durability, meaning they are designed to last long.
6312	The group’s two-episode work, “Beyond Calligraphy,” channels the flowing, detailed grace of Chinese calligraphy as both inspiration and point of departure for dialogue about ancient and modern culture.
6313	The guidelines for the population continue to be to complete the vaccination schedule against covid-19, maintain social distance and wear masks such as PFF2, which provide greater sealing.
6314	The gunpowder charge for a single shot was stored in a small sealed cardboard cylinder, and like any military equipment it had to be tough and durable.
6315	The hairs he uses to make brush tips come from tigers, springboks, spotted hyenas, giraffes, giant pandas, porcupines, peafowl and even the roots of some plants, such as the sago pondweed, he added.
6316	The handwriting is a small cursive script, neat and still legible, although littered with Clark’s creative spellings.
6317	The hat and shirts she produces, uses the same the cursive script as the Ole Miss logo that appears on football helmets, sports jerseys, marketing materials and all manner of bags, clothing and other merchandise licensed by the University of Mississippi.
6318	The hats and shirts she produces, uses the same the cursive script as the Ole Miss logo that appears on football helmets, sports jerseys, marketing materials and all manner of bags, clothing and other merchandise licensed by the University of Mississippi.
6319	The hats and shirts she produces, uses the same the cursive script a… Suzi Altman talks about her "New Miss" products, Nov.
6320	The high-pigment, waterproof liner stays put all day and unlike traditional felt tip liners, this brush tip will not fray.
6321	The high-tech ceiling at the entrance to the Museum of the Bible will feature digital images and movies as well as running scripture verses.
6322	The highlight of the event was Chinese calligraphy, German selfie corner, Spanish, French and English songs, and Japanese Origami craft with the participation of over 150 students from all departments who enthusiastically participated in all the activities.
6323	The highlighting detail of the shoe is the cursive script of “Every Game” on the back heel in place of what would usually be a Nike logo.
6324	The history of Chinese calligraphy can be traced back to 400 BC.
6325	The home cities of the Illini—Champaign and Urbana, Illinois—don’t have great seals.
6326	The home screen consists of your notifications presented in an amalgamation of cursive script text, which is an attractive and refreshing approach.
6327	The hotel honored the lunar new year with a traditional Lion and Dragon Dance, an auspicious Prosperity Tree picking at the Chinese Bridge, lucky Chinese calligraphy, an auspicious dinner for the guests with Yu Sheng tossing, and an exquisite oriental-themed fashion show, featuring the designs of eight member of the Fashion Designers Association of the Philippines.
6328	The iABED rear main seal replaces the truly shit factory seal that's just a bit of rubber vulcanized to a thin metal plate, with a thicker plate and a different seal style.
6329	The iconic bottle is re-imagined in a chic and contemporary showcase of traditional Chinese calligraphy, and for the first time, in an auspicious deep red.
6330	The idea for re-considering the depictions on California’s Great Seal came up after reading Peggy Noonan’s weekend column in the Wall Street Journal.
6331	The idea is that since you aren’t relying on a flimsy, soft eyeliner brush tip, you end up with crisper, bolder, and more consistent flicks.
6332	The idea of the eagle as America's national bird comes from the eagle's presence on The Great Seal of the United States, also known as the Seal of the United States, according to History.com .
6333	The image is adapted from the original 1782 design of the Great Seal of the United States, and the floral motifs flanking the eagle are a firm attribution to the pottering Crolius family.
6334	The image of an eagle appeared on the Great Seal of the United States in 1782.
6335	The images of “Fu” come from 12 celebrated Chinese calligraphers, such as Su Shishu, the honorary president of the China Calligraphers Association (CCA), Sun Xiaoyun, president of the CCA, five CCA vice presidents, and five members of the CCA council.
6336	The immigration station, where poignant poetry carved on the walls in Chinese calligraphy has been preserved, is about 1.2 miles from the ferry dock at Ayala Cove (a shuttle is available).
6337	The important difference is that one type has a broad chisel tip and the other has a flexible brush tip.
6338	The important element of Chinese calligraphy lies within the refinement of lines, as every brush expresses the feeling, aesthetics, and spirit of an artist.
6339	The included magnetic liner has a very fine brush tip that makes it a breeze to apply a clean, even stroke on the eyelid, and the formula glides on smoothly.
6340	The incredible softness of the brush is immediately apparent as it easily glides across the paper, holding a good edge when used straight, but also allowing the brush tip to cleanly follow a swirling action without any resistance or bristles breaking out.
6341	The incredible video, shot in the city of Guilin in Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region on August 2, 2020, shows an armless man named Huang Yangguang using his feet and mouth to write Chinese calligraphy.
6342	The individual links will represent the Mexican and Chinese communities, joined together to form a heart, and decorative details throughout speak to cultural ties, like Chinese calligraphy and the hummingbirds of the Yaqui people.
6343	The initial police report said the animal was a small seal.
6344	The injector is an alternative source of fuel injection for the carburetor, in which fuel is drawn because of the downward stroke of the piston.
6345	The ink brush, ink, Chinese Xuan paper and ink slabs are four traditional writing materials of Chinese stationery.
6346	The ink stain’s brush tip mimics precise, hair-like strokes to add depth and dimension.
6347	The ink, which is located on the outer side of the blonde beauty's left foot, reads: 'Baby' in a cursive script font.
6348	The inking - written in black cursive script - shows Brooklyn's wedding vows which he shared with Nicola in April.
6349	The inking – written in black cursive script reads: "Nicola when you walked down the aisle you took my breath away you look so beautiful tonight and always.
6350	The inking – written in black cursive script reads: 'Nicola when you walked down the aisle you took my breath away you look so beautiful tonight and always.
6351	The inking – written in black cursive script – shows Brooklyn's wedding vows which he shared with Nicola in April at their star-studded nuptials.
6352	The inking – written in black cursive script – shows Brooklyn's wedding vows which he shared with Nicola in April.
6353	The inking – written in black cursive script – shows Brooklyn's wedding vows which he shared with Nicola last month at their star-studded nuptials.
6354	The inking – written in black cursive script – shows Brooklyn's wedding vows which he shared with Nicola last month on the underside of his upper-right arm.
6355	The inking – written in black cursive script – shows Brooklyn's wedding vows which he shared with Nicola last month.
6356	The inking, written in black cursive script, reads: 'Nicola when you walked down the aisle you took my breath away you look so beautiful tonight and always.
6357	The innovative homeowner explained how she was on the verge of buying a new one, but managed to get it sparkly clean after rubbing the tablets on the appliance.
6358	The innovative pen design features a twist mechanism with a soft brush tip that gently paints each tooth.
6359	The inorganic analogous Xuan paper had no obvious signs of deterioration after a simulated aging process of 3,000 years.
6360	The inscription at its base reads, “To the men of Boston who died for their country on land and sea in the war which kept the Union whole, destroyed slavery, and maintained the constitution.” The bas-relief tablets on the statue feature images of Edgar Allan Poe and Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, but include no representation of Black soldiers from Boston who also fought against slavery.
6361	The inscription contains as many as 48 letters and the curse appears on the inside and outside of the tablet.
6362	The inscription in verse form also narrates the unstable life of human beings and exhorts people to do good deeds, says another tablet found at the site.
6363	The inscription is on a lead tablet, is about 2 by 2 centimeters and appears to have been written in proto-Canaanite script.
6364	The inscription mentions the active participation of hundreds of merchants from all major Tamil kingdoms including the Chera, Chola , and Pandya in trade across South India.A youth named Tamil Selvan spotted a stone tablet measuring seven feet in length and two feet in width in Thannagudi village near Iluppur in Pudukottai.
6365	The inscription on the tablet includes cures for convulsions, twitches and other similar muscle-related problems, which were known as “Bennu” by the Assyrians and which are nowadays referred to as symptoms of epilepsy.
6366	The inscription on the updated tablet reads in part: “Although men’s thoughtless actions have deprived them of their right to individually marked and cherished graves, the children of future ages will gather here to honor them.” Though the Park Board did maintain records of what could be salvaged, remains of gravestones were found much later.
6367	The inscription rests inside a folded lead tablet, a little less than an inch square, and was deciphered through a series of high-tech scans.
6368	The inscription showed a relatively complete environmental protection law, which could be the earliest stone tablet with an inscription of ecological protection found in the area.
6369	The inscription tablet in Arabic (only the word 'built by' is in Persian) dating the building to 966 AH (1558-59 AD) is fixed over its eastern central entrance.
6370	The inscription tablet on the monument was a gift to the community from Congressman William H.
6371	The inscription was brought to Mumbai from Iran and as Tanya reads the translation, we learn that it was originally from a tablet.
6372	The inscription was, in fact, a defixio, or curse tablet, hundreds of which had been flung by ancient Roman visitors into the sacred spring of the goddess Sulis Minerva, in Bath.
6373	The inscription, found on a small stone tablet engraved with letters and numbers, is believed to be a receipt or payment instruction related to commercial transactions during the Second Temple period.
6374	The inscription, signed Dong Qichang, refers to a Chen Meigong admiring this piece at the Xiang Yi An temple in the city of Jiaxing.
6375	The inscription, written in ancient Greek on a small limestone tablet reveals a woman's name, her religion and what she was like as a person.
6376	The inscriptions on the stone tablets at the sites recorded the life stories of national heroes, and people can leave messages to pay tribute to them on the spot.
6377	The inscriptions on the tablet have been interpreted as including the name Shimon, which was one of the most popular names from the time period.
6378	The inscriptions on the tablet record how an official of the Qing Dynasty reduced taxation for local villagers.
6379	The inscriptions took more than 10 years for two scientists to decipher after they began to examine a stone tablet which was discovered during excavations in the City of David National Park in 2007.
6380	The inscriptions, in marble tablets, on the four sides of the base, as well as including the names of the Siege heroes, also included the following inscription: “This monument was erected to perpetuate the memory of Rev.
6381	The inspiration for the show is reflected in its name, paying homage to the art of Chinese calligraphy, a stylized expression of the characters that make up the written form of the Chinese language.
6382	The inspirations range from seashells to ancient Greek architecture to Chinese calligraphy.
6383	The instructions say to use horizontal strokes and "glide the tip across the forehead and chin.
6384	The instrument is sealed with the Great Seal of the Realm, used to symbolise the sovereign's approval of important state documents.
6385	The integrated reciprocating pump reportedly provides continuous material supply, as material is fed during both the upward and downward stroke.
6386	The interior package is rounded off by illuminated door sill trims with brand lettering and a Manufaktur exclusive pattern, as well as Manufaktur lettering in cursive script and a high-sheen chrome look on the center console.
6387	The interpretation of her includes the characterization of the hairstyle, as well as the official style uniform that the girl uses, this also includes the tie.
6388	The invitation, written in formal cursive script, reads, “Welcome back to the 20’s Prohibition.
6389	The itty-bitty brush tip is just that, a true brush (rather than something like a doe-foot tip), which makes sense given the instructions to brush Brow Genius on in the direction of hair growth.
6390	The jet black liner is easy to apply with a flexible felt brush tip and lasts all day long on the eyes.
6391	The juicy or hazy IPA was recently added to the official style guidelines of the American Brewers Association.
6392	The jury also heard more about intimate topics concerning Zara - including a tattoo of her husband's name in Chinese calligraphy in an intimate area - and about her sex toy collection which included nipple tassels.
6393	The jury had aheard more about her professional life and on the subject of more intimate topics - including a tattoo of her husband's name in Chinese calligraphy in an intimate area - and about her sex toy collection which included nipple tassels.
6394	The jury had also heard more about intimate topics concerning Zara - including a tattoo of her husband's name in Chinese calligraphy in an intimate area - and about her sex toy collection which included nipple tassels.
6395	The jury had heard more about her professional life and on the subject of more intimate topics - including a tattoo of her husband's name in Chinese calligraphy in an intimate area - and about her sex toy collection which included nipple tassels.
6396	The jury was told about intimate topics concerning Zara - including a tattoo of her husband's name in Chinese calligraphy in an intimate area - and about her sex toy collection which included nipple tassels.
6397	The key findings and recommendations highlight critical advanced industry trends in the Four Treasures of the Study market and enable players to develop effective long-term strategies.
6398	The key is the ultra-precise brush tip for super-easy application and ultimate precision, making Tattoo Liner the perfect tool for everyone, from makeup beginners to pros.
6399	The keyboard is beautifully springy, offering a little more resistance on the downward stroke than usual: I rather like that, although tastes vary.
6400	The kids are also learning to write more characters in Chinese calligraphy.
6401	The kids have to take their masks off to eat, and in many schools they are eating in their small sealed classrooms.
6402	The killer calls himself Eumenides after the third of the Oresteia ancient Greek tragedies by Aeschylus and warns each of his victims in notes drawn with exquisite Chinese calligraphy, luring the police into a diabolical game.
6403	The kit comes with a variety of cleaning heads and an adapter to use with any 8-32 thread cleaning brush tip.
6404	The kitty, who is a Great Seal Siamese, has been at the shelter for two months, peering at people who pass by through his beautiful baby blues, volunteers from the Houston Humane Society say.
6405	The lack of English captions badly hobbles the displays of this small museum detailing the life and work of artist, poet, calligrapher and seal carver Wu Changshuo (1844–1927).
6406	The land clearly stands out from the sky, its thick green grasses painted as tiny vertical strokes.
6407	The lanes of Hong Kong were adorned with red flags carrying Chinese calligraphy.
6408	The last one is a fortune-telling robot, which can tell you your luck by writing your fortune in Chinese calligraphy.
6409	The last reference is the name "Joseph" written in Chinese calligraphy on one of the alley walls, although that could be a reference to the video director rather than Joe.
6410	The last reference is the name “Joseph” written in Chinese calligraphy on one of the alley walls, although that could be a reference to the video director rather than Joe.
6411	The last time a Georgia secretary of state had to hide the Great Seal was in 1947, when Ben Fortson held the job.
6412	The last two inaugurations for President Barack Obama were commemorated by the Postal Service in Washington, D.C., with larger round pictorial postmarks using the Great Seal of the United States as a prominent feature.
6413	The late researcher Walter Breen speculated it was done on purpose, somehow in sympathy with the unfinished pyramid on the Great Seal of the United States.
6414	The latest archeological excavations revealed that the site includes stone carpeted road, four bridges, remains of a historical castle, a windmill and a clay tablet bearing inscription from Safavid era, the official said.
6415	The latest footage was decidedly lighter in nature though, as the likes of Millie Bobby Brown, Winona Ryder and Finn Wolfhard beamed away at the official script read-through.
6416	The law will take effect next week when it gets filed with the Office of the Great Seal in Lansing.
6417	The lawmakers relegated him to a small room in the Capitol basement where his office keeps the Great Seal of the State of Wisconsin, which is applied to state documents.
6418	The leading highlight of the season is the magnificent Washing Horses by Zhao Mengfu as catalogued in Shiqu Baoji (Top).
6419	The leaves are changes at Triangle Lake Bog State Nature Preserve, Maumee State Park, Harrison Lake State Park, Mount Gilead State Park, Alum/Deleware Creek State Parks, Tar Hollow State Park, Great Seal State Park and Sciote Trail State Park, according to the Ohio Department of Natural Resources.
6420	The left region is a spray brush, and the right region is a watercolor brush tip with a little sponging around the edges to soften the spikes.
6421	The left-falling stroke is divided into 3 segments from top to bottom, the bamboo poles used decrease by the number of 8, 6, and 5 for each section respectively from the top.
6422	The legend about Franklin’s national bird proposal likely arose from his 1784 letter to his daughter, written a year and a half after the Great Seal was adopted.
6423	The letter read: “I declare My Consent to a Contract of Matrimony between My Most Dearly Beloved Grandson Prince Henry Charles Albert David of Wales and Rachel Meghan Markle, which Consent I am causing to be signified under the Great Seal and to be entered in the Books of the Privy Council”.
6424	The letter, written in customary official style includes proper deference to the secretary.
6425	The lettering in Baldessari’s question about Picasso is neatly stamp-printed rather than written out by hand in cursive script.
6426	The letters "u" and "n" were often indistinguishable in medieval handwriting – both were formed using two single vertical strokes called minims – so that it would be easy for a scribe to misread the word as graue.
6427	The letters stand for the International Table Tennis Federation governing body and bats certified by it are recommended, or made from materials that they approve of, so it’s a great seal of approval.
6428	The letters you see here weren't created with the elegance of hand-drawn cursive script in mind.
6429	The letters “u” and “n” were often indistinguishable in medieval handwriting – both were formed using two single vertical strokes called minims – so that it would be easy for a scribe to misread the word as graue.
6430	The letters “u” and “n” were often indistinguishable in medieval handwriting—both were formed using two single vertical strokes called minims—so that it would be easy for a scribe to misread the word as graue.
6431	The level horizontal strokes and right-tilting vertical strokes symbol is particularly a weapon for fans of celebrities and TV shows on Twitter.
6432	The level of detail in the film is staggering, with loving attention given to the vibrant environments and the surreal experimental sequences that look like traditional Chinese calligraphy paintings brought to life in eye-popping 3D animation.
6433	The library features a glass dome and elements of Chinese calligraphy and carving arts.
6434	The license plate features the Great Seal of the State of Mississippi with the 2014 addition of “In God We Trust.” The phrase that caused the lawsuit is so small on the plate that it’s unlikely to even be visible from the road.
6435	The lid forms a great seal and we've had almost no problems with fried food smelling up our kitchen.
6436	The lighthouse itself isn't open to the public, but there's an 18th-century wooden chapel, a small sealing museum and other historic buildings to explore.
6437	The lightning, which illuminated Glenelg, travelled in long horizontal strokes, known as spider lightning.
6438	The likely reason why artist Robert Scot chose to set that constellation of 13 stars into the shape of a hexagram when engraving the first die of the Great Seal in 1782 is unknown.
6439	The likes of the West Indies and Pakistan joined the Aussies in sporting a kit with cursive script emblazoned across the chest as well as two thick horizontal bands to off-set the team's dominant colour.
6440	The line work runs above the eye, across at the bridge of the nose and curves in a downward stroke half way across the width of the nose, leaving a small triangular patch sitting centrally, just underneath the bridge.
6441	The lines on the left were from the bullet tip and the ones on the right from the brush tip.
6442	The liquid liner flows through the brush tip applicator to softly fill in brows, while the tear-shaped sponge picks up the loose powder that is housed in the cap to shape brows naturally and gently hold them in place.
6443	The liquid liner has a fine point, felt brush tip that allows you to create super-sharp wings, but that can also be built up into thicker lines by pressing the pen down more firmly as you brush it across your lids.
6444	The listening device was hidden in a replica of the Great Seal of the United States, carved in wood.
6445	The local Milwaukee Chinese Community Center will be on hand to demonstrate traditional Chinese calligraphy, painting, knot-tying, cooking and watermelon carving.
6446	The logo is a cross between the Great Seal of the United States and the presidential seal.
6447	The logo on the front has “Jaguars” also written in teal lettering, with the city written over the top in a smaller cursive script in gold.
6448	The long span of time covered by the exhibits, the diversity of styles, the depth of academic research, and the novelty of media experimentation are unprecedented in both Wang Dongling's exhibition history and in Chinese calligraphy exhibition history.
6449	The long span of time covered by the exhibits, the diversity of styles, the depth of academic research, and the novelty of media experimentation are unprecedented not only in Wang Dongling's solo exhibition history, but also in Chinese calligraphy exhibition history.
6450	The longer the ink stick is aged, the more expensive it becomes.
6451	The longest running scripted show in television history has done a lot of cool things over the record-breaking 25 seasons that it’s been on the air—including featuring megawatt guest stars like Lady Gaga, Justin Bieber, Meryl Streep, and countless others—but it’s never had its own shoe line.
6452	The longest, continually running scripted shows aren’t necessarily the best or flashiest.
6453	The lower right corner of the logo is the stamped name of the host city of Kunming in the Chinese seal style.
6454	The lynching of the teachers prompted Tokyo to order the erection of the tablet which bore an inscription composed by then-Japanese prime minister Ito Hirobumi.
6455	The lyric poetry has a high status in Chinese literature and is inter-related closely with Chinese painting and Chinese calligraphy.
6456	The main factors behind this growth include the durability of welded hydraulic cylinders, customizable for different applications, and greater seal packages increasing life-expectancy of the cylinders.
6457	The making of the “super” Xuan paper, which measures 11 meters in length and 3.3 meters wide, involves the collaboration of 76 workers, including 52 workers who are responsible for the molding process, as well as 20 workers devoted to drying the sheet and four in quality control who examine its quality upon completion.
6458	The males rock a white chin, large protruding canine teeth, and a very organized red and black body, while the females almost look like a large, slender goldfish.
6459	The malicious malvertising campaign stealthily identified and attacked vulnerable browsers, targeting all users not running script blockers with the Pirate Bay ads, according to Malwarebytes.
6460	The man introduced that to create pictures on Xuan paper, which is very thin, he has to precisely control the temperature of the electric iron because if the temperature gets too high, the paper can be burnt, while if the temperature is lower than required, the color of the painting will not be strong enough.
6461	The manor was at one point owned by St Albans Abbey and was the home of the Gorham family, however after the Suppression of the Monasteries between 1536 and 1541 brought on by Henry VIII, the house was sold to Sir Nicholas Bacon, Lord Keeper of the Great Seal.
6462	The manufacturing process of Xuan paper follows set procedures, and are implemented to meet strict technical standards.
6463	The map depicts the novel’s “territorially reconfigured North America” and features 250 of its most interesting locations (as well as the Great Seal of O.N.A.N., pictured above).
6464	The marble tablet, also known as the Nazareth Inscription, measures 23 inches high and 14.7 inches wide.
6465	The markers also feature a soft brush tip so you can create small scripts or bold designs.
6466	The markers have brush tips that are easy to control, whether outlining or coloring in areas.
6467	The markers on this list have a variety of fine, chisel, bullet, and brush tips , each with their own pros and cons when it comes to coloring in an adult coloring book.
6468	The market analysts authoring this report have provided in-depth information on leading growth drivers, restraints, challenges, trends, and opportunities to offer a complete analysis of the global Four Treasures of the Study market.
6469	The mask brush also allows the user to select a second brush tip.
6470	The masks allow viruses to penetrate through the sides as they do not form a great seal around the face particularly among untrained individuals.
6471	The masterpiece of Bada Shanren, Flowers on the River (1697), was painted when he was 72 years old.
6472	The materials for making Xuan paper in Jingxian county are different from those used to produce other types of paper.
6473	The meaning of the colors, as borrowed from the Great Seal of the United States, represent red for hardiness and valor, white for purity and innocence and blue for vigilance, perseverance and justice.
6474	The measure specified the 1908 Saint-Gaudens $20 double eagle design on the obverse and the Heraldic Eagle of the Great Seal of the United States on the reverse.
6475	The medals feature five rings, and the carved designs around their perimeters are based on traditional Chinese calligraphy.
6476	The medical drama is the longest running American soap opera currently in production and the longest running scripted drama on television currently in production.
6477	The medieval sentiment ‘In God We Trust’ snuck into the original 1776 design of the Great Seal of the United States and was raised to adorn the currency during the height of the United States economic power in 1956.
6478	The memorial is a limestone tablet built high up into the west wall of the church and after the wear and tear of 95 years the majority of the inscriptions are impossible to read from floor level.
6479	The memorial is made up of 15 newly planted trees at Great Seal State Park.
6480	The menus were handwritten in cursive script, the gold lettering adorning the windows was inspired by long walks in the French capital.
6481	The method ensures that for any given sentence one wishes to reproduce, one has to only re-arrange the individual small seals without any gaps and then affix them to a hard backing board.
6482	The military emblem, the Great Seal of the young United States, first used publicly in 1782, is clearly embossed in metal underneath the gun’s hammer.
6483	The minty gel is applied with the fine brush tip, making it easy to reach every curve of each tooth.
6484	The model and OnlyFans creator unveiled her fresh face tattoo over the weekend, which reads ‘lover’ in a cursive script under her eye, to her social media following in a series of documentary-style clips and pictures.
6485	The model on sale also comes with a brush tip so you can use the flosser as a toothbrush as well.
6486	The modern Chinese stroke order system evolved from clerical script, a system prevalent in the Han dynasty.
6487	The molding creates a great seal as well as passive noise cancellation (unfortunately, active noise cancellation is not featured on these earbuds) that limits the amount of outside noise that seeps in.
6488	The most attractive feature of these Prismacolor markers is their brush tips, which allow effortless layering of colors for full coverage.
6489	The most common discovery methods include using scanning tools, performing reconnaissance on an endpoint, running scripts and building self-spreading malware.
6490	The most famous use of this symbol is to be found on the Great Seal of the United States.
6491	The most famous—and most effective—of these was “The Thing.” Planted in the Great Seal of the United States in the Moscow Embassy in 1945, “The Thing” was one of the first covert listening devices to not require any external power source.
6492	The most frivolous and useless alterations in articles in common use are denominated improvements, and made pretexts for increasing their prices, while all complaint and remonstrance are effectually resisted by an exhibition of the great seal.
6493	The most important unique characteristic features of this product such as greater sealing ability, high impermeability, high resistance is expected to add into the demand of Organic Polysulfide over its counterparts.
6494	The most important unique characteristic features of this product such as greater sealing ability, high permeability, high resistance is expected to add into the demand of Organic Polysulfide over its counterparts.
6495	The most impressive feature, which ensures a super secure fit, is the SlideLock system, which slides only one way then auto-locks, making them easy to fasten and offers a great seal at the top of the boot around your knee pads or braces.
6496	The most prolific marksman at the UEFA Nations League finals in Portugal will be the first recipient of the Alipay Top Scorer Trophy, the design of which nods to Chinese calligraphy and digital technology as well as football.
6497	The most redeeming feature, however, were the two slip catches, one by and the other by The comfort with which both of them caught the flying white round object showed the amount of practice they had put in and the importance they must have given to slip catching.
6498	The most remarkable object yielded by the wreck of the Agamemnon, known as Nelson’s favourite ship and which participated in the Battle of Trafalgar before sinking in 1809, is the small seal belonging to Nelson, which he used to imprint his surname and a star shape on wax.
6499	The most saleable are ones with brush tips as they help in achieving a perfect fine line of colour on the eyelids.
6500	The most telling example to them, however, lies within the Great Seal of the United States.
6501	The most valuable relics here are the stone carvings and the stone tablet inscriptions from the Song to the Qing dynasties.
6502	The mother of two lifted her chin to show the cursive script.
6503	The motor’s rapid downward stroke also minimizes cycle times.
6504	The motto appears in cursive script across the short-sleeved T-shirts, which come in black, white, mint green and pink: “Get Through It.” On the back: “The dream is free.
6505	The motto appears on the obverse of the 1782 Great Seal of the United States.
6506	The motto on most of our coins and The Great Seal of the United States is E Pluribus Unum, out of many, one.
6507	The motto on the Great Seal of the State of Iowa is: “WE PRIZE OUR LIBERTIES AND OUR RIGHTS WE WILL MAINTAIN”.
6508	The motto “Many languages, one voice” is similar to the inscription on the front of the Great Seal “E Pluribus Unum“, which translates to “out of many, one”.
6509	The movie was first announced in 2017, and the official script was submitted and accepted by 20th Century Fox Animation in 2018.
6510	The mural is part of a pair that Hoobler says represents the Great Seal of the State of Tennessee.
6511	The murals include an angry Mickey Mouse armed with a handgun on a “1$” US stamp, a box of McDonald’s french fries with missiles flying out, a modified great seal featuring the American bald eagle holding bullets in one hand and drugs in the other with a Star of David over its head, a tattered and broken Statue of Liberty, a flaccid Dirty Harry-style revolver, and more.
6512	The museum marks efforts taken by the county to try to combine the production of Xuan paper with tourism.
6513	The museum’s design sought to find the synesthesia between Chinese calligraphy, ink paintings, the traditional architecture of the wider Jiangnan region (south of the Yangtze River), and classical Western sculpture, so as to achieve a harmony and unity of the natural and human environments, with modern aesthetic ideas.
6514	The must-read anecdote: That time they nearly dropped the "rather heavy" Great Seal of Canada on swearing-in day in 2015.
6515	The name Unum came from E Pluribus Unum, the Latin phrase that means “out of many, one.” It’s on our currency and the Great Seal for the U.S.
6516	The name came at the right moment to define a new genre, blending a representational approach typical of Japanese manga with the Haida pictorial style, with touches of Chinese calligraphy, giving great fluidity of form to the lines contouring the panels, and opening up room for more creativity and freedom in storytelling.
6517	The name “Lena Horne,” in lights arranged in a distinctive cursive script, adorned the marquee.
6518	The names are written in a gothic font, their sunrise and sunset dates set in a cursive script.
6519	The new News Corp also unveiled its logo - written in a cursive script based on the handwriting of Murdoch and his father, Keith, whose Australian newspapers were the seeds of the media empire.
6520	The new News Corp also unveiled its logo Tuesday - written in a cursive script based on handwriting of Murdoch and his father Keith, whose Australian newspapers were the seeds of the News Corp empire.
6521	The new News Corp also unveiled its logo – written in a cursive script based on the handwriting of Murdoch and his father, Keith, whose Australian newspapers were the seeds of the media empire.
6522	The new PFAS limits in drinking water will go into effect seven days after the Michigan Office of Administrative Hearings and Rules (MOAHR) files the new rules with the Office of the Great Seal.
6523	The new design, which symbolizes NCUA’s “safety and soundness” mission, features the eagle and shield from the Great Seal of the United States--a move aimed at making it clear that the regulator is an agency of the federal government.
6524	The new directive countermands nearly six decades of national policy that favored invention and creativity in federal buildings, a policy with the specific provision that “the development of an official style must be avoided.” Those words, from the “Guiding Principles for Federal Architecture,” were written in 1962 by Moynihan, then an aide in the Kennedy Administration.
6525	The new dispensing brush tips are available in different brush and flow sizes, allowing users to control the coverage of fluid to substrate, as well as the speed of fluid flow through the tip.
6526	The new game includes some of the same spots as the first like the Ross County Courthouse and Great Seal State Park, but it also pays homage to new and broader community favorites.
6527	The new half-mile loop features panels depicting a Cherokee story retold by Joseph Bruchac titled "The First Strawberries." The book was selected in part because of the rich Native American history at Great Seal State Park.
6528	The new heraldic reverse was based on the new Great Seal of America and is centered on a left-facing eagle with its wings outstretched.
6529	The new host institution said that in addition to offering language courses over eight weeks, the program would give its 60 or so students the opportunity to visit attractions around Taiwan and participate in cultural activities like Chinese calligraphy and paper-cutting workshops.
6530	The new host institution said that in addition to offering language courses over eight weeks, the program would give its 60 or so students the opportunity to visit attractions around Taiwan and participate in cultural activities such as Chinese calligraphy and paper-cutting workshops.
6531	The new ink of a word written in cursive script adorns Gerber’s inner bicep.
6532	The new ink, which Brooklyn showed off on his Instagram Stories as he was shirtless in bed, is written in black cursive script and is clear enough for fans to read.
6533	The new kernel adds to security with a SafeSetID Linux Security Module (LSM), which adds a layer of protection when running scripts with administrator privileges.
6534	The new variant can be exploited by running script files (or text files which contain a sequence of commands) on programs like web browsers.
6535	The new version replaces that seal with an eagle bearing Trump’s signature, and does away with the Latin phrase that is part of the Great Seal of the United States.
6536	The new, official style of Social Realism was imposed in 1949.
6537	The newspaper reported the plane had taken off from the capital San Jose at 11:37 am (1737 GMT) for the small sealed airstrip in Punta Islita, where the tourists boarded.
6538	The newspaper reported the plane had taken off from the capital San Jose at 11:37 am for the small sealed airstrip in Punta Islita, where the tourists boarded.
6539	The newspaper reported the plane had taken off from the capital San Jose at 11:37 for the small sealed airstrip in Punta Islita, where the tourists boarded.
6540	The newspaper reported the plane had taken off from the capital San Jose at 11:37am (1737 GMT) for the small sealed airstrip in Punta Islita, where the tourists boarded.
6541	The newspaper reported the plane – a single-engine turboprop Cessna 208 Caravan— had taken off from the capital San Jose at 11:37 a.m. (1737 GMT) for the small sealed airstrip in the beach town of Punta Islita, where the tourists boarded and crashed shortly in a wooded mountain close to the beach.
6542	The next sentence of the original text reads: “Major emphasis should be placed on the choice of designs that embody the finest contemporary American architectural thought.” The second point of that 1962 architectural policy reads: “The development of an official style must be avoided.
6543	The next year, the Chinese admiral Zheng He erected a trilingual stone tablet in Galle in the south of the island, written in Chinese, Persian and Tamil that recorded offerings he made to Buddha, Allah and the God of Tamils Tenavarai Nayanar.
6544	The nib is made of hard elastomer and has a firm, tailored brush tip.
6545	The no-frills product has a thin brush tip made of ultra-fine fibers, which allows for ultimate flexibility.
6546	The non-drying stay-proof (and mask-proof) stain includes a precision tip to line and defines while the brush tip fills with natural long-wear color.
6547	The nondenominated (49¢) forever stamp dubbed "Love Flourishes" features "a fanciful garden of colorful flowers surrounding the word 'Love' written in cursive script," according to the Postal Service.
6548	The nose and eyes present as a cruciform, against grounds of vertical strokes in thinned colors that glow like stained glass.
6549	The note, which is believed to a draft of a more formal eulogy, shows various corrections and crossings out, but is regarded as a great masterpiece of the Xingshu, or running script, style.
6550	The nurse took her back to Do Not Enter and brought us a sturdy white envelope embellished with cursive script that said “Special Memories.” Inside there was a print of her feet, some photographs, the clothes she had been wearing and a “Certificate of Life” on a piece of white card stock with a drawing of a teddy bear in a diaper holding a balloon.
6551	The nylon brush tips don’t spray, spread, or smear, and the easy-to-squeeze barrel and valve system allows you to control the flow of water.
6552	The nylon-fiber brush tips keep their shape to ensure precise mark making.
6553	The obverse also features a variety of inscriptions, including the thematic “Happiness” in an ornamental cursive script.
6554	The obverse depicts Justice, standing, and the reverse depicts the Great Seal of the San Francisco Committee of Vigilance, comprising the All Seeing Eye in the center and a tablet below on which the member’s number — in this case 1884 — is recorded.
6555	The obverse mimics the Great Seal of the United States with an eagle holding an olive branch in one claw and arrows in the other.
6556	The obvious Marvel logo below the game name seals the deal.
6557	The office attendant has used the official seal of the Land Revenue Commissioner and the name seal of a senior superintendent without their knowledge.
6558	The office keeps Great Seal of the State of Wisconsin.
6559	The office keeps the Great Seal of the State of Wisconsin.
6560	The official script for Barack Obama’s celebrated return to the White House on Tuesday was all about the Affordable Care Act.
6561	The official script for MH370's disappearance suggests the plane executed a dramatic U-turn less than an hour into its planned flight from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing - before plummeting into the Indian Ocean.
6562	The official script for the Boeing-777's disappearance suggests the plane executed a dramatic U-turn less than an hour into its planned flight before plummeting into the Indian Ocean.
6563	The official script for the Boeing-777's disappearance suggests the plane executed a dramatic U-turn less than an hour into its planned flight from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing - before plummeting into the Indian Ocean.
6564	The official script for the Boeing-777's disappearance suggests the plane executed a dramatic U-turn less than an hour into its planned flight from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing, before plummeting into the Indian Ocean.
6565	The official script for the deceased or retired was developed to provide “historical perspective of the flag,” the code states.
6566	The official script for the “Medieval Mass” says the show follows “an isolated island community [she] experiencing miraculous events – and scary beings – upon the arrival of a charismatic, mysterious young priest”.
6567	The official script has also not yet been released … But the original work tells how, “After an alien invasion that wrecks the world economy, two teenage boys are going to broadcast their love lives to fascinated aliens.” When their relationship starts to flounder, they both find themselves stuck in a relationship they can’t get out of or put their families on the line.
6568	The official script is Pavement, an elongated form of Transport, but it’s only a guide: nearly all the shapes and lettering on road surfaces are hand-painted.
6569	The official script is that the two prisoners have run away from the prison.
6570	The official script named Almalinux-deploy that helps you to migrate to AlmaLinux from CentOS 8 is out.
6571	The official script of Nordic American Tankers proudly talks of 92 consecutive quarterly dividends, a rarity among publicly traded tanker companies.
6572	The official script of the coup makers was that they intervened to end the crippling political turmoil which had shaken Thailand for most of the previous decade.
6573	The official script reading for the drama has already taken place and filming is expected to commence later this month.
6574	The official script says the price cap will stay until 2023 at the latest while Ofgem develops policies “to make the energy market more competitive and work better for all consumers”.
6575	The official script that Rajan was speaking from, released by the RBI, read: “I use Depression era terminology because I fear that in a world with weak aggregate demand, we may be engaged in a risky competition for a greater share of it.
6576	The official script used for government correspondence by heads of state is Diwani, considered by calligraphers to be an adaptable script that flows easily due to its rounded forms.
6577	The official script was that Marcelo Gutierrez was supposed to win the Colombia EWS.
6578	The official script-reading for the drama has also taken place and some posters as well as teasers have already been revealed, showing the electric chemistry between our main leads.
6579	The official style guide of the race is urging fans to be "daring" in what they wear.
6580	The official style spotters were out too, scouting for the racecourse's annual best-dressed lady, who wins the handsome prize of flights to Istanbul among other goodies.
6581	The official title change came when the Letters Patent passed the Great Seal of the Realm on Feb.
6582	The older style box has “AMERICAN EAGLE” in a single line at the top, with the eagle side of the Great Seal of the United States at the center, and “ONE OUNCE / SILVER UNCIRCULATED COIN” in two lines below.
6583	The oldest book from the collection is a 6th-century Papyrus leaf with two lines of text and a small seal.
6584	The oldest item in the lot is a 1938 Churchill Downs racetrack pint glass, adorned with a white cursive script and flower decals.
6585	The oldest, in his late 90’s, contributed a poem in exquisite Chinese calligraphy.
6586	The one bidders liked best had a “T” bridge brass movement, with two seemingly original reverse painted tablets, one including the Willard inscription, which sold for $3,360.
6587	The one fun project I have is to train a deel learning model to classify Chinese calligraphy.
6588	The one thing we did notice is that, compared to similar markers from other brands, the brush tips on these are a bit on the harder side.
6589	The one we tested had a brush tip at each end of the brush (a one-tip version is also available for less cost, plus there are even cheaper children’s versions).
6590	The one-night stay also includes a gourmet dinner on the Great Wall, a Chinese calligraphy lesson and a sunrise walk on the Great Wall.
6591	The one-night stay included round-trip airfare, visas, a gourmet dinner, and carefully curated experiences such as a Chinese calligraphy lesson.
6592	The ongoing controversy stemming from Will Smith slapping Chris Rock at the Oscars has gained more fuel, as it has been revealed that the joke that started it all wasn’t in the official script.
6593	The ongoing running script required to put on a show of health when the mind, soul, and body are starving shatter any chance of connection.
6594	The online version of the Democrat would be great if my system would stop freezing due to the long running scripts that TDO uses.
6595	The only governmental sponsor was the American embassy in Copenhagen (with its “Great Seal of the United States” displayed on the website).
6596	The only inscription was on the tablet held in Liberty’s left hand, which reads “JULY IV MDCCLXXVI” (July 4, 1776), the date the Declaration of Independence was signed.
6597	The only other replica in the collection, Urbaityte told Gizmodo, is that of a Soviet bug hidden in a Great Seal gifted to U.S. ambassador Averell Harriman in 1945 (sometimes known as The Thing).
6598	The only other responsibility of the Secretary of State is to serve as the repository for the Great Seal of Wisconsin.
6599	The only thing remotely bling about Rudisha is a slender gold chain around his neck and he was alone as he walked into the athletics stadium at Sydney Olympic Park last week to talk to the media ahead of his first race of the season.
6600	The only thing remotely showy about Rudisha is a slender gold chain around his neck and he makes much of the humility of his Maasai tribe.
6601	The only thing you’ll want to take note of before purchase is that I think these buds don’t provide a great seal and quite a bit of ambient noise can get in due to the design.
6602	The opening ceremony featured demonstrations of Chinese calligraphy on rice paper with ink and brush, through which visitors could get a firsthand look at how characters are composed of varied strokes.
6603	The opening section, function and utility feature one of the earliest objects on displays - the Burse for the Great Seal of England.
6604	The operating system may perform any number of mundane tasks during the process of network initialization, including running scripts, looking up preconfigured network settings in a local database, launching programs, etc.
6605	The oracle bone was used in the Shang Dynasty, the greater and lesser seal were used during the Zhou, Spring and Autumn/ Warring States Periods, while the Clerical script was used in the Han Dynasty.
6606	The oral tradition of a visit is supported by a tablet with the following inscription that was uncovered in Baghdad in 1916.
6607	The orders have to signed by the president, pressed with the Great Seal and delivered to the National Registry.
6608	The original principles state that “an official style must be avoided,” and that new federal buildings should reflect their time.
6609	The original sketch of the Great Seal of the United States, by the founding fathers.
6610	The original “bezants,” gold Byzantine coins symbolizing honesty, instead became eagles within golden circles.The Great Seal’s coat of arms, this central feature of the flag, is what makes it a bad design.
6611	The ornate dragon gates (paifang) at either end have fake bamboo tiles, golden Chinese calligraphy and ornamental lions to keep evil spirits at bay.
6612	The other Kiki design has the little with flying on the front, and on the back a very small Tombo clinging to the rope on the sinking blimp with “Witch on a deck brush” in classy cursive script.
6613	The other half is in blue ink, and bears the title of the artwork in cursive script.
6614	The other recreates the wooden carving of the Great Seal in the ambassador’s study in the US Embassy in Moscow, plus The Thing, the bug infamously bedded inside.
6615	The other three volumes auctioned in 1995, featuring Wang Xizhi’s calligraphic works, were originally owned by a man surnamed Wu.
6616	The other types of isolation can’t touch phishing attacks because they’re more focused on isolating bad downloads and sites that are running scripts.
6617	The other, so simple: the 1966 chrome identifier on the hood, the internet claims, has the word "Riviera" in printed letters and on the 1967, it's written in cursive script.
6618	The outstanding Wang nearly created another goal when she found Li Ying with a defence-splitting pass in the 76th minute, only for the substitute's effort to cannon into the upright, and it was only a fine save from Chinese Taipei goalkeeper Cheng that prevented the newly introduced Tang Jiali from adding a fifth minutes later.
6619	The outstanding Wang nearly created another goal when she found Li Ying with a defence-splitting pass in the 76th minute, only for the substitute's effort to cannon into the upright, and it was only a fine save from Chinese Taipei goalkeeper Cheng that prevented the newly introduced Tang Jiali from adding a goal fifth minutes later.
6620	The outstanding Wang nearly created another goal when she found Li Ying with a defence-splitting pass in the 76th minute, only for the substitute’s effort to cannon into the upright, and it was only a fine save from Chinese Taipei goalkeeper Cheng that prevented the newly introduced Tang Jiali from adding a goal fifth minutes later.
6621	The oval-barreled shape is slimmer, holding less ink than the Original, and only one nib option is available if you wanted to switch either the standard broad tip or brush tip that they come with.
6622	The over-ears feature 32mm speaker drivers, have a slimline design and have tilted ear cups with soft cushion pads for a “greater seal and enhanced sound isolation”.
6623	The owner and quite possible the author of the inscription on the tablet gives some personal information: The name Abhijit, the position as priest in the community, and dedicated priest of Gods Brahma, Vishnu and Aditi.
6624	The package, which was searched by a senior correction officer on March 21, 2017, also included a sexually explicit letter that stated the vial was filled with “a small sealed bag of my ejaculation that I did for you,’’ according to the court papers.
6625	The packaging has a silicone brush tip, which I use to clean my face on a daily basis.
6626	The painting is part of an extended scroll which includes calligraphy by Mi Fu - a renowned painter and calligrapher and a contemporary of Su Shi.
6627	The pair had been filming a series for Wild Ocean Week and had already swum with minke whales and common dolphins in Scotland, great seals off the Farne Islands and shearwaters in Wales.
6628	The pair had been on a dive filming a series for Wild Ocean Week and had already swum with minke whales and common dolphins in Scotland, great seals off the Farne Islands and shearwaters in Wales.
6629	The pair had exchanged books as gifts: The president had given his young intern Walt Whitman’s Leaves of Grass, and she’d given him Baker’s Vox, an experimental novel in the form of a phone-sex conversation (one character reports seeing “the great seal of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts” as she climaxes).
6630	The pair have thus far followed the official script, aided by new regal rules that excluded them, along with other non-working royals, from travelling by photogenic carriages or balcony appearances.
6631	The palatine and the archbishop of Esztergom attacked Usora (Northern Bosnia), but at the siege of Srebrenik they were so hard pressed that the great seal of the kingdom was lost.
6632	The panel robotics process automation, running scripts to reduce the burden of menial tasks on employees, has emerged as a popular tool for several agencies.
6633	The paper should be held in such a position that the downward strokes are pulled toward the center of the body, the paper being changed from time to time with the left hand to keep its position relatively the same.
6634	The parchment color uniform features blue “Philadelphia” cursive script and predominantly displays the crack in the Liberty Bell down the side of the uniform.
6635	The park’s Lunar New Year celebration activities include arts-and-crafts such as Chinese calligraphy demonstrations and an interactive Lucky Wishes Wall.
6636	The participating county pubs are: The Lord Keeper of the Great Seal in The Parade, Oadby, The Baron of Hinckley in Regent Street, Hinckley, The Sugar Loaf in High Street, Market Harborough, The Kettleby Cross in Wilton Road, Melton Mowbray, The William Wygston in Leicester Road, Wigston and The Monkey Walk in Marlborough Square, Coalville.
6637	The pattern of flowers and birds on this Erdem × de Gournay wallcovering is hand-painted on silk and Xuan paper in de Gournay’s studio outside Shanghai.
6638	The pavilion is decorated with the great seal of the U.S. and a description of military awards, including the Gold and Blue stars.
6639	The pavilion will also feature the "RetroInnovations" exhibition for which 26 young local design talents have created a series of design installations paying tribute to traditional culture and craftsmanship, including Chinese calligraphy and neon lights.
6640	The pedestal is of Timaru bluestone, in which is inlaid a marble tablet bearing the inscription.The ceremony concluded with the playing by the Salvation Army Band of "Garland of Flowers" and “God Save the King’’.
6641	The pen applicator makes it convenient and the soft silicone brush tip makes it more effective by pushing the gel into the tubules of your teeth allowing it to get whiter more efficiently.
6642	The pen boasts an angled brush tip with a 30-degree edge.
6643	The pen cleaner, which is as narrow as a tube of lip gloss, is easy to use: Simply twist the end of the pen to dispense cleansing fluid into the brush tip, and then swipe over your jewelry.
6644	The pen has a brush tip that makes application virtually effortless, even when you’re, say, inside a moving car on the way to a job interview.
6645	The pen is filled with a whitening gel that is applied directly to the teeth using a brush tip applicator.
6646	The pencil lip product comes with a CHANEL sharpener and a mini brush tip on one end for smoothing and blending.
6647	The pens can be filled with paint like a syringe and have a brush tip you can use to paint over chips or scratches in the paint.
6648	The pen’s brush tip was designed with flexible fibers that hug the curve of the lash line, allowing for precise definition.
6649	The permanent and fast-drying ink practically glides from the pen to the page, whether you are using the brush tip or the chisel tip.
6650	The person, writing in cursive script, describes shattering the police station door, breaking a window and putting a dent in a cruiser.
6651	The personalized molded form factor makes for a great seal and comfortable fit, but is a risky gimmick considering it's a one and done setup that could easily go wrong.
6652	The phone’s design was inspired in part by the Great Seal Bug, a passive surveillance device planted in the desk of the U.S. Ambassador to Moscow by Russian authorities in the late 1940s.
6653	The photo captures the anticipatory breath before the arm’s downward stroke, and the depth of the cut when it is finally made.
6654	The photos also revealed a personalised cushion with the couple's initials, while the Santa dressed in full white and had a polar bear and two small seal cubs at his fee.
6655	The phrase is one of two mottoes from the Great Seal of the United States on the reverse side of the one-dollar bill.
6656	The phrase, “In God We Trust,’’ has been the official United States motto, since its adoption in 1956, when it replaced the old one, “El pluribus unum”, which had been in existence since 1782 when the Great Seal of the US was created.
6657	The pictograms for the Beijing 2022 Olympic Winter Games are inspired by Chinese calligraphy and seal carving, which respectively can showcase the beauty and power of Chinese culture.
6658	The pictures are mostly in a almost-square format that’s just a bit taller than wide, and made with horizontal strokes that yield powerful upward swells of color.
6659	The piece is inspired by Chinese calligraphy, especially the work of Chinese contemporary artist Gu Wenda, and she describes its musical style as experimental and theatrical.
6660	The piece notes that Aniston and Witherspoon’s morning show drama does not yet have an official script, though Apple “will not follow the high-volume strategy favored by Netflix.” As such, Apple may only debut a select number of series each year.
6661	The piece will also include Sully wearing his official America’s VetDogs service dog vest that features the Great Seal of the United States on the back.
6662	The pigmentation is great, and the precise brush tip is perfect for achieving sharp lines.
6663	The pillars of the 17-foot tall Chinese memorial gate, funded by Ow, read in Chinese calligraphy: “Eternal land of struggle and home.
6664	The pitcher shows a spread-winged Federal eagle clutching an olive branch and arrows in its talons, as well as a patriotic shield, similar to the original 1782 design of the Great Seal of the United States.
6665	The placing of the release packages inside the server environment and running scripts can then be run automatically at the push of a button or simply by pushing the code changes to a particular branch.
6666	The plane came down minutes after taking off from a small sealed airstrip in Punta Islita where the tourists had boarded the aircraft.
6667	The plane came down minutes after taking off from a small sealed airstrip in Punta Islita, a beachside town in Guanacaste, where the Americans had boarded.
6668	The plane came down minutes after taking off from a small sealed airstrip in Punta Islita, where the Americans had boarded.
6669	The platform makes it a more active player in what will still be a crowded field of vendors and allows it to assist with defining an audio product's specifications to meet its greater seal of approval.
6670	The play marks the first official script collaboration from Mayer and Fairchild.
6671	The playgrounds at Barkcamp, Deer Creek, Great Seal, and Harrison Lake state parks will be in day-use areas of the parks.
6672	The poem created by Emperor Wenzong and Liu Gongquan was criticized for simply being beautiful and lacking lessons.
6673	The poem was inscribed on the rock face in Seal Script of Chinese calligraphy.
6674	The polished inside of the bottle looks similar to cooked Xuan paper (rice paper).
6675	The poll's findings reflect what some economists have called a "K-shaped recovery," where there have been divergent fortunes among Americans, akin to the upward stroke and downward stroke of the letter K.
6676	The popular ABC soap opera—TV's longest running scripted soap series—will be marking its 60th anniversary in April 2023, calling for a very special celebration that the network teased on Wednesday.
6677	The posh event’s official style guide urges racing fans to be "daring" in the fashion stakes.
6678	The post includes three images of the back of a dollar displaying the Great Seal of the United States.
6679	The posts showed captured military vehicles, as well as luxury vehicles and pickup trucks, speeding through the streets, flying white Taliban flags as local residents — mostly young men — cheered them on.
6680	The powerful motor overcomes the massive air pressure created by small sealed enclosures, thereby allowing the subwoofers to be installed into smaller enclosures and retaining valuable space in today’s vehicles.
6681	The powers to declare war, make treaties, pardon criminals, and dissolve Parliament are exercised through royal prerogatives by issuing Orders in Council, proclamations and writs under the Great Seal.
6682	The practice involves using the tool to apply pressure and to scape the skin in long, downward strokes.
6683	The practice of Chinese calligraphy dates back more than 2,000 years.
6684	The precise brush tip features 350 bristles for easy glide on application and a saturated color payoff with our darkest pigments yet.
6685	The precise brush tip makes drawing a cat eye easier than ever.
6686	The precision brush tip allows you to achieve an ultra-fine matte finish with ease, making it a must-have for any makeup artist.
6687	The precision brush tip gives a natural definition to my brows.
6688	The present tomb is square in plan (7.62m a side) and is undated and without any inscription tablet.
6689	The president's media adviser, Mr. Femi Adesina, in a statement, said Madu made history as the first African born provincial minister in Canadian history, who is also the Provincial Secretary and Keeper of the Great Seal of the Province of Alberta.
6690	The presidential seal looks similar — with slight differences — to the Great Seal of the United States, the official symbol that's impressed upon official documents such as treaties and commissions.
6691	The presidential seal, which has a similar design to the Great Seal of the United States, has a history going back to the days of President Millard Fillmore, according to Smithsonian Magazine.
6692	The president’s media adviser, Mr. Femi Adesina, in a statement, said Madu made history as the first African born provincial minister in Canadian history, who is also the Provincial Secretary and Keeper of the Great Seal of the Province of Alberta.
6693	The president’s media adviser, Mr. Femi Adesina, in a statement, said Madu made history as the first African-born provincial minister in Canadian history, who is also the Provincial Secretary and Keeper of the Great Seal of the Province of Alberta.
6694	The principles, part of a 1962 document by Daniel Patrick Moynihan, the New York senator, who as a Kennedy administration official was heavily involved in design issues in the capital, have endured for over a half-century, partly because they discouraged promoting an official style: “The design must flow from the architectural profession to the government.
6695	The prison staff provided the trooper with a "small sealed evidence bag," Kelley wrote in his report.
6696	The prize presentation ceremony on Dec 21 saw cash prizes amounting to RM58,600, trophies and certificates being presented to the winners of both the Arabic and Chinese calligraphy writing competitions.
6697	The problem here is that pushing a loudspeaker cone when it is bolted into a small sealed box where the driver has to compress the air inside the box takes an enormous amount of energy.
6698	The procedure of making Xuan paper was listed as a world intangible cultural heritage by UNESCO in 2009.
6699	The process is relaxing, and the ink stick has a unique earthy smell.
6700	The process of making Xuan paper was also added to UNESCO's world intangible cultural heritage list in 2009.
6701	The procession at Edinburgh Castle was led by the Lord Lyon King of Arms - the monarch's representative in Scotland - and attended by Mr Yousaf in his capacity of Keeper of the Great Seal of Scotland.
6702	The procession was led by the Lord Lyon King of Arms - the monarch's representative in Scotland - and attended by First Minister Humza Yousaf in his capacity of Keeper of the Great Seal of Scotland and one of the commissioners for the safeguarding of the regalia.
6703	The procession was led by the Lord Lyon King of Arms – the monarch’s representative in Scotland – and attended by First Minister Humza Yousaf in his capacity of Keeper of the Great Seal of Scotland and one of the commissioners for the safeguarding of the regalia.
6704	The procession was led by the Lord Lyon King of Arms – the monarch’s representative in Scotland – and attended by First Minister, Humza Yousaf, in his capacity of Keeper of the Great Seal of Scotland and one of the commissioners for the safeguarding of the regalia.
6705	The procession was led by the Lord Lyon King of Arms, the monarch’s representative in Scotland, and attended by Humza Yousaf, the first minister, in his capacity of keeper of the Great Seal of Scotland, and one of the commissioners for the safeguarding of the regalia.
6706	The product is designed as a concealer pen and features a delicate brush tip that can help you blend the liquid makeup with ease.
6707	The product works by attaching a small tablet, which contains a three-in-one mix of shampoo, conditioner and shower gel, to a wristband, and simply scrubbing away.
6708	The production of the Xuan paper includes 108 steps altogether and takes at least a year for the final product to be fully prepared.
6709	The production process of the newly-developed Xuan paper takes only 2-3 days to make instead of the usual two years for traditional Xuan paper.
6710	The program also says that the Great Seal images weren’t always on the $1 bill.
6711	The program featured Asian cuisine, an interactive chopstick competition and hands-on lessons in Chinese calligraphy and Japanese origami.
6712	The program on the 4th and 5th includes several activities, such as Tai Chi Chuan, Kung Fu, Chinese calligraphy workshop, Chinese gastronomy tasting, film exhibition, lectures on history and geopolitics and Traditional Chinese Medicine.
6713	The programmable keys can link up with Elgato's Stream Deck software to control various things like launching apps and running scripts, so the space it takes up might be worth it for the functionality.
6714	The promo also uses some linear, star and Great Seal of the United States elements along with a boxier motif.
6715	The proper documents had been emailed to me, and there was a box on the appropriate line where I clicked a button and my previously provided signature appeared in a wobbly cursive script.
6716	The proprietary brush tip pen is recommended for precision.
6717	The pseudo-mnemonic device my mom taught me to memorize the character was to imagine being big-mouthed (the three boxes are the character for “mouth”), and under an umbrella (the two person characters at the bottom of the character look housed under umbrellas from the “rain”, the horizontal strokes, at the top of the character).
6718	The purple brush tip is a unique oval shape that I found allowed me tons of control all over my face.
6719	The pyramid and eye, of course, also famously features with the motto Novus Ordo Seclorum (“new order of the ages”) on the US dollar bill and on the reverse of the Great Seal of the United States.
6720	The pyramid is part of the Great Seal of the U.S. first used on the reverse of the $1 Federal Reserve note in 1935.
6721	The question is whether these sub-styles have enough merit and uniqueness to stand alone as official style types.
6722	The questions transformed participants' individual curiosity to the future onto the hundred-meter Route in traditional Chinese calligraphy.
6723	The quilt, about 64-by-88 inches and made of cotton and calico, is made up of rows and columns of red crosses, surrounded by names, and sometimes addresses, in cursive script written with a marker pen.
6724	The quote by Lee is painted in cursive script on the inside of Curry's sneakers and reads, "Under the heavens, there is but one family.
6725	The rancher had a stone tablet that had an inscription and a drawing of a Sak Tz’i’ king dressed as the Maya storm god.
6726	The raptor is part of the Great Seal of the United States of America, having been adopted by the Continental Congress in 1782.
6727	The rare cuneiform tablet, believed to have been created during the 16th century B.C., includes inscriptions in Sumerian, a civilization of ancient Mesopotamia, and features a portion of a poem from the "Epic of Gilgamesh," one of the world's oldest known religious texts.
6728	The ravishing costumes and sets are all in black, white, and watery shades of gray, as if they'd been conjured from Chinese calligraphy and ink paintings.
6729	The raw materials need to produce Xuan paper are found in Jingxian County, east China's Anhui Province and as of late, are in short supply.
6730	The real catalyst for it, however, came in 1982, when he went to China for the first time and visited the Xuan paper mill, reputed to be the oldest paper mill in the world, to collaborate with the papermakers there.
6731	The real grass clerical script is prepared in various forms, and it is extremely spectacular.
6732	The reason his first-round knockout loss to Gabriel Gonzaga at UFC 70 was so iconic is because Cro Cop made his name sealing the fates of numerous foes in similar fashion, catching them out with thunderous kicks that came out of nowhere and connected with a thud.
6733	The recent strength in the price is justified by the RSI which has terminated its downward stroke and advanced above its 50 neutral mark.
6734	The recently-opened Museum of Modernism in Lviv sheds a new light on the avant-garde underground that shunned the official style of “Soviet realism” and opens up a fresh page in the cultural history of western Ukraine.
6735	The reception area of Schwarzenegger’s office is adorned with movie posters and life-size sculptures of characters from his films, including the Terminator, the Predator, Alien, and Mr Freeze from Batman and Robin (the front door also bears a huge representation of the Great Seal of the State of California).
6736	The records cannot be automatically transcribed by computer as they are written in old-style cursive script that confuses digital optical character readers.
6737	The redesign places The Great Seal of the state of Florida squarely in front of the Capitol doors, an area where rallies and demonstrations often occur.
6738	The release enables you to use the search field at the top of the FastScripts Script Menu to quickly locate a script from your script library, dramatically improves workflows by running scripts independently from the app and allowing an arbitrary number of scripts to run in parallel, and adds support for the standard AppleScript progress updating mechanism.
6739	The release of the book, whose title is inspired by the Great Seal of the United States, will coincide with a ten-month-long exhibition of the portraits about American immigrants at the George W.
6740	The remains of St Albans' Old Gorhambury House stand today, with it once being a mansion built in 1563-8 by the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, Sir Nicholas Bacon.
6741	The repeal will become effective upon the filing of the initiative petition with the Office of the Great Seal.
6742	The report also details major competitors in the market that will have a greater impact on Four Treasures of the Study’s business.
6743	The report contains the most recent Four Treasures of the Study market forecast research for the predicted period.
6744	The report covers a detailed competitive outlook including company profiles of the key participants operating in the global Four Treasures of the Study market.
6745	The report covers an extensive span of the global Four Treasures of the Study market ranging from historical and current events to futuristic stich of the market.
6746	The report covers the forecast and analysis for the Four Treasures of the Study market on a global and regional level.
6747	The report further explains on the micro and macroeconomic aspects such as the socio-political landscape that is anticipated to shape the demand of the Four Treasures of the Study market during the forecast period 2020-2027.
6748	The report further investigates and assesses the current landscape of the ever-evolving business sector and the present and future effects of COVID-19 on the Four Treasures of the Study market.
6749	The report on Global Four Treasures of the Study Market documents a detailed study of different aspects of the Global Four Treasures of the Study Market.
6750	The report researches the global Four Treasures of the Study market to evaluate its current and future potential.
6751	The report studies various competitive dynamics of the global Four Treasures of the Study market by profiling key players to gain overall market growth.
6752	The report will help the client identify the key results of the major market players or rulers of the Four Treasures of the Study sector.
6753	The research delivers the analytic of undergoing growth factors, trends, and statistics of Four Treasures of the Study market industry.
6754	The research paper revealed that seals and tablets were used in an "administrative operation that controlled the commercial transactions prevalent in the trade-savvy settlements of the ancient Indus Valley Civilization." As per Bahata, these inscriptions could be the evidence of formulaic texts that encode a certain type of information in pre-defined ways.
6755	The research report of global Four Treasures of the Study market also delivers an inclusive analysis of the essential information about the industry overview, market size, and market growth prospects that are impacting the growth of the market.
6756	The research report on the Four Treasures of the Study market delivers all-inclusive study of the market size, industry segmentation, and various market growth factors.
6757	The researcher is also fascinated by Chinese culture, especially Chinese calligraphy and ink wash painting.
6758	The researchers demonstrated that a tech-savvy person can easily obtain treasure troves of data from WhatsApp groups by using nothing more than an old Samsung smartphone running scripts and off-the-shelf applications.
6759	The researchers observed for the first time that there are numerous microfibers and nanofibers interweaving in the Xuan paper, forming a micro-nano multiscale three-dimensional (3D) network.
6760	The response to your touch feels quicker too, while video apps handle just as well as much more powerful tablets, scrubbing through video with ease.
6761	The rest of the family’s suburban home is decorated with generic “Live Laugh Love”-style signage in cursive script, and photos of their dead son, Nate, who died in an imaginary war between the U.S. and Venezuela.
6762	The result is a balanced sound regardless of who you are in a pair that’s comfortable and offers a great seal.
6763	The reverse depicts the Great Seal of the San Francisco Committee of Vigilance, comprising the all-seeing eye in the center and a scroll below to receive the member’s number.
6764	The reverse depicts the Great Seal of the United States.
6765	The reverse design features the Great Seal of the United States with the inscription BY ACT OF THE U.S. CONGRESS 2000.
6766	The reverse features, inscribed at top, • DUTY • HONOR • COUNTRY • above the great seal.
6767	The reverse has the US Great Seal and is similar to the Heraldic Eagle from the early 19th century.
6768	The reverse is an interpretation of the Great Seal of the President by Sculptor-Engraver Frank Gasparro.
6769	The reverse is of the Heraldic Eagle design adapted from the Great Seal of the United States, this being its first appearance in federal coinage.
6770	The reverse of the Uncirculated 2015 copper-nickel 20-cent coin depicts a representation of King John’s original great seal on the 1215 Magna Carta.
6771	The reverse shows a heraldic eagle, based on the Great Seal of the United States.
6772	The reverse shows the Great Seal of the United States – an eagle holding a shield that represents America.
6773	The reverse side features an engraving of the Great Seal of the United States.
6774	The reverse wreath surrounds DEO VINDICE (with God our Vindicator) from the Confederate Great Seal with dates 1861-1865.
6775	The revolutionary ink stain formula’s brush tip creates precise, hair-like strokes, while the creamy, waterproof pencil fills in sparse areas.
6776	The right-side defender, 27, who moved from Peru to Sydney's beachside suburb of Manly when she was 11 years old, has the word 'fuerza' - Spanish for 'force' - inked in cursive script across her right wrist.
6777	The room hosted the New Jersey Legislative Council and General Assembly, which adopted Francis Hopkinson's design for the state's Great Seal.
6778	The roster includes 11 of the 12 participants for the qualifiers, including Shao Ting and Li Meng, and the seven new additions are Li Yifan and Pan Zhenqi from Beijing, Shandong's Yang Hengyu, Wang Jiaqi of Zhejiang, Hunan's Wang Xuemeng, and Tang Ziting and Liu Yutong from Beijing Normal University.
6779	The roughly 3,800 artifacts returned to the nation include a collection of cuneiform tablets dating as far back as 2100 B.C., clay bullae (seals) formed as early as the late second century B.C., and a pair of cylinder seals — clay cones featuring royal inscriptions from the mid-third millennium B.C.
6780	The roughly three-foot tall arrangements will be arrayed around a large wreath, at the center of the park’s Veterans Memorial, over the top of the Great Seal of the United States.
6781	The roughness of printer paper tends to fray the brush tips and makes it unusable.
6782	The rounds bear the same reverse, featuring the design of the Great Seal which appears on military insignia and the back of the $1 bill.
6783	The rule of the thumb is to massage upward if you seek a firmer skin tone and elasticity and massage it in downward strokes to encourage lymphatic drainage and help to de-puff the skin.
6784	The rules cover everything from formal scripts to be used during proceedings, to oaths of impartiality that Senators must take and the limitations to the power that the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court has as they preside over the proceedings.
6785	The rumor emerged due to the discovery of an ancient stone tablet with inscriptions in Fenghuangzui.
6786	The running and the cursive script are only used in calligraphy.
6787	The running script watches this property value and if it is set to “STOP”, the script pauses.
6788	The rust acted as a great sealant for the wooden barns and, according to the below video, even after paint became more widely available, farmers continued to go with red for their barn's color.
6789	The sale also includes a die used for striking the central portion of the Great Seal of the State of Florida.
6790	The same is true for running scripts unless you go to the extra effort of creating a GUI.
6791	The same is true with Chinese calligraphy,” he said.
6792	The same motto appears on the reverse side of the great seal of the United States.
6793	The saying originates from the words of Chu Suiliang, a renowned politician and calligrapher during the Tang Dynasty (618-907), stressing that even the slightest profligacy is a bad omen of peril that could lead to a state's collapse.
6794	The school also runs a Chinese calligraphy club, Kung Fu and a Mandarin class for parents.
6795	The scouser, 28, spotted an odd shape and went to investigate, believing a small seal was in need of assistance to return back to the sea.
6796	The script features short vertical strokes and elongated horizontal lines that evoke a certain dynamism, as well as bends and loops that are more subtle than modern script forms.
6797	The script, essentially a corpus of symbols used by those Indus Valley residents from centuries ago, was used to write inscriptions and print clay objects and tablets.
6798	The script, essentially a corpus of symbols used centuries ago by residents of the Indus Valley, was used to write inscriptions and to print objects and tablets in clay.
6799	The sculptor was present on Tuesday for the unveiling of the new statue, which features Sully in a sitting position holding his leash in his mouth and wearing his official America’s VetDogs service dog vest, which includes the Great Seal of the United States on the back.
6800	The sculpture, which stands 15 feet tall and 12 feet wide, reflects the natural characteristics of Great Seal State Park’s hilly landscape.
6801	The seal can also be designed to have a very small sealing force, which is important for applications where the seal is exposed to high pressures.
6802	The seal which we know was adopted in 1987 and bears The Great Seal of The State of Tennessee and 1796 in a circle.
6803	The search is on for the vandal who spray-painted graffiti at the Great Seal of Guam park over the weekend.
6804	The second game was off to a closer start with Yue starting to engage Sindhu in longer rallies and not giving the height for her to use the downward strokes.
6805	The second is Groom and Horse (1296) by Zhao Mengfu, which shows a fat, jolly horse, who is well-fed and parked beside his groom.
6806	The second product is the Illustrative Eyeliner Collection ($15), which features two different applicators: a marker tip and a skinny brush tip.
6807	The secret is in the cunning combination of natural and conductive fibres used to make up the brush tip.
6808	The secretary of state hid the Great Seal to prevent anyone from issuing official proclamations.
6809	The secretary of state is the keeper of the Great Seal of the State of Nebraska, and the office is the repository for official state documents.
6810	The secretary of state, acting alone, could refuse to affix the great seal and arguably block the certification.
6811	The segment for chemical composition type is sub-segmented into nickel-metal hydride (Ni-MH), lithium ion (li-ion), small sealed lead acid (SSLA) and nickel-cadmium (Ni-Cd).
6812	The series is set against the brand’s corporate colours to strengthen brand awareness and recall and interwoven with the moments pictured are typographic headlines inspired by Chinese calligraphy to reference the company’s longstanding heritage in Asia.
6813	The series was created by Matt Groening back in 1989 and is the longest running scripted primetime show in television history.
6814	The server uses RAM memory for processing, running scripts or other software, and short-term storage.
6815	The sessions are meant to give the students skills on the proper holding of brushes, familiarization with Xuan paper and Chinese pigments, techniques in the meticulous style of Chinese painting, and techniques in coloring in the freelance style.
6816	The set includes seven needle-tip pens in sizes ranging from 0.2mm to 0.6mm, as well as one pen with a soft brush tip.
6817	The set was embellished with various gold nameplate necklaces, with some even spelling out her own name in cursive script.
6818	The sharp, flexible brush tip easily builds dimension and creates a micro-bladed look, mimicking the appearance and texture of natural hair throughout the brow.
6819	The sheriff’s office is working with state and federal authorities to find McKerchie, a white male, with brown hair, brown eyes and a neck tattoo that says “Joardan” in cursive script.
6820	The shift from traditional cursive script to entangled form also reflects the artist's change of inner emotions.
6821	The shirt and hats she produces, uses the same the cursive script as the Ole Miss logo that appears on football helmets, sports jerseys, marketing materials and all manner of bags, clothing and other merchandise licensed by the University of Mississippi.
6822	The shirt and hats she produces, uses the same the cursive script as the Ole M… Suzi Altman holds a "New Miss" shirt, Nov.
6823	The shirt, though, appears to actually reference the “Great Seal of America,” a symbol adopted in the 1780s to represent the American experiment, according to the State Department, and used liberally by the federal government across hundreds of departments.
6824	The shortened, bent and elongated forms move around the inside, their perfect balance of dots, edges and curves punctuated at rhythmic intervals with horizontal strokes, forming abstract motifs of great purity.
6825	The shortlist includes one image each from Bai Yifan, Zheng Wang, Zhang Xiuquan, Angel Yu, Li Yiming and Tang Zhengye and two shots from Yang Sutie.
6826	The show comes at a time when The Simpsons, which enjoys the status of being the longest running scripted show in prime time American television history, is embroiled in controversies over the stereotypical portrayal of South Asian character Apu.
6827	The show features some truly exquisite pieces, including incredible mosaics of archers and sphinxes made from glazed brick, and a pristine stone tablet bearing inscriptions in three languages.
6828	The show has no formal script but instead has been created by the actors in rehearsal.
6829	The show has run for 681 episodes and one movie (and counting) – making it the longest running scripted show in television history – and these episodes have truly run the gauntlet, from murder mysteries to apparently predicting coronavirus.
6830	The show includes pieces from both China and Japan, among them a new acquisition by Maki Haku, a Japanese printmaker working in the latter half of the 20th century, who incorporates Seal script as figures.
6831	The show, which is the longest running scripted musical in Las Vegas history, will open at Sydney’s Capitol Theatre in May 2020, Melbourne’s Comedy Theatre in July 2020, Adelaide’s Her Majesty’s Theatre in September 2020 and will finish its 2020 season in Perth.
6832	The show, which is the longest running scripted musical in Las Vegas history, will tour to 19 venues across New Zealand following a sold out 2019 tour in Australia.
6833	The show’s introductory wall, for example, is hung with Robert Pruitt’s “For Whom the Bell Curves,” a 2004 work on loan from the Studio Museum in Harlem comprised of slender gold chains hung in a swingy, wavelike pattern.
6834	The sign reads, "Dumping babies is forbidden," and mimics the official style of a sign that might have been created by the government.
6835	The signs feature "The Great Seal of the State of Jefferson," a gold pan emblazoned with two X's--Jeffersonians have long believed they've been double-crossed by big-city politicians in Sacramento who take their money but ignore their concerns.
6836	The silicone fins sit flush against your inner ear to prevent unwanted movement during workouts and the conical silicone tips create a great seal with your ear canal.
6837	The silicone used is soft and offers not just comfort but also a great seal, which helps with noise isolation.
6838	The singer flashed a slender golden band, which was a far cry from the mammoth diamond sparklers she rocked during her two previous marriages, as she stepped out during Paris Fashion Week, shortly before she took to the catwalk for L'Oreal at the beginning of October.
6839	The singer flashed a slender golden band, which was a far cry from the mammoth diamond sparklers she rocked during her two previous marriages, as she stepped out during Paris Fashion Week, shortly before she took to the catwalk for L'Oreal.
6840	The singer paid tribute to his girlfriend of three months, Melanie Martin, by having her first name tattooed in cursive script over his right eyebrow.
6841	The singer, 27, shared a photo and video on Instagram showing off a brand new addition to her tattoo collection — a tiny neck tattoo featuring the title of her third solo album, Rare, written in cursive script.
6842	The sleek 43mm stainless steel case presents a transparent back with Curtiss inscription and signature P-40 Warhawk logo.
6843	The sleek, glide on ultra-pigmented liner features a 0.1mm tapered brush tip that’s been created for comfort and extreme precision.
6844	The sleeves of his shirt were rolled up, revealing tattoos on his shoulders: the names of his mother, Elisabet, and infant son, Jesus, in looping cursive script.
6845	The slender brush tip of Nyx Professional Makeup's Epic Ink Liner delivers a consistently fluid, sharp line.
6846	The slender gold band has a diameter of 0.8 inches (21.5 millimeters) and is topped with a 0.5-inch-wide (12 mm) crystal stone that covers two ornate letters made with gold thread: the initials J.D.
6847	The slender gold bands of rose gold are delicately sprinkled with diamonds, adding just a touch of sparkle to these playful jewels.
6848	The slender goldshower is most commonly used for personal gardens, and they are often grown as houseplants or in greenhouses .
6849	The slick space also shows off works of Chinese calligraphy, a suit of samurai armour and hoodies emblazoned with the words “fuck rain” — all converging on a granite countertop that seems right out of some new Vancouver condo.
6850	The slide show, replete with color-coded charts and formatted in the official style of an investment banking pitch book, was created after a group of disgruntled analysts across several teams banded together to survey their colleagues, according to the people.
6851	The slight twist to this is that the Finder normally blocks users from running scripts which have their quarantine flag set.
6852	The slogan on the great seal of Iowa seems particularly appropriate: WE PRIZE OUR LIBERTIES AND OUR RIGHTS WE WILL MAINTAIN.
6853	The small clay tablet featuring a carved inscription is among the trove of artifacts that includes 2,325 coins, 18 statuettes, arrowheads and other objects.
6854	The small fragment from a stone tablet bore an inscription that was produced for financial purposes.
6855	The small piece, which she got on June 18 according to the timestamp, reads "free" in cursive script on her right hand.
6856	The small seal is seen snapping at a boy in the surf, prompting beachgoers to come to his rescue.
6857	The small seal was then rescued by members of Waterford SPCA and immediately transferred to Seal Rescue Ireland for medical attention and recovery.
6858	The small seal weighs only 23 pounds, and “has multiple bite and puncture wounds,” according to a social media post by Laguna Beach-based Pacific Marine Mammal Center, which rescues wildlife along the coast.
6859	The small seal, which is about the size of a thumbnail, is broken and has been faded over millennia.
6860	The small sealed and drained gas locker takes a single, large gas bottle.
6861	The small seals make a sound resembling screaming and onlookers often confuse them for being animals in distress.
6862	The smash hit medical drama, which has been running for 16 seasons since 2005, is a money-making machine for the parent company Disney, as one of the longest running scripted shows to ever air on TV.
6863	The snooker great sealed yet another title after a stunning performance to see off Judd Trump 10-6 on Sunday to clinch his fourth Champion of Champions title.
6864	The soap opera has been the number one daytime drama for 35 consecutive years and CBS' longest running scripted show.
6865	The social media posts showed captured military Humvees, luxury SUVs, and pickups speeding through the streets, flying white Taliban flags as local residents - mostly youths and young men - cheered them on.
6866	The society was founded in 1783, a year after the adoption of the Great Seal, to preserve the ideals, values, and memory of the French and Continental army officers who served in the Revolutionary War.
6867	The soft and even brush tips on this tool give a smooth and even paint finish on a variety of surfaces.
6868	The soft brush tips actually create a barrier between the heat and your skin to act as a shield.
6869	The soft color palette, clean design, and cursive script create a classy and timeless look.
6870	The solution also provides an easy-to-use interface for running scripts, which allows organizations to automate the remediation process and reduce the risk of potential breaches.
6871	The son of David and Victoria Beckham shared the inking to his Instagram Stories – which was written in black cursive script and shows his wedding vows that he shared with Nicola last month.
6872	The special decoration has an embossed gold border of stars and stripes and an embossed reproduction of the Great Seal of The United States.
6873	The specially designed brush tip allows for easy application, whether you’re creating a thin or thick line.
6874	The specially designed cake featured Concord’s seal, the great seal of West Virginia, and a University logo incorporating the Marsh Memorial Carillon.
6875	The species name sealeyi honors Sealey, who unearthed the specimen.
6876	The spot was released last Tuesday by Changan Ford, a joint venture between Ford Motor and Changan Automobile Group, and copied Marilyn Monroe’s iconic flying white dress air vent scene from the 1955 film titled “The Seven Year Itch”, SCMP said.
6877	The square bracket keys resize your brush tip.
6878	The stamp art depicts the word “Love” written in white cursive script against a blue sky studded with wispy clouds.
6879	The stamp art features a fanciful garden of colorful flowers surrounding the word “Love” written in cursive script.
6880	The stamp art features a fanciful garden of colorful flowers surrounding the word “Love”written in cursive script.Hand-painted with gouache on paper by artist Anna Bond, the illustration is whimsical and vibrant.The stamp will be released on 18th January 2018.
6881	The stamp art features the word "Love" in cursive script below 12 colorful hearts meant to visually express love's joyful, bountiful nature.
6882	The stamp depicts the word “Love” written in white cursive script against a blue sky studded with wispy clouds.
6883	The stamp depicts the word “Love” written in white cursive script against a blue sky with wispy clouds and the edges of the letters just beginning to blur.
6884	The standard script by the time of the Rosetta Stone, it is a cursive script with joined-up letters, suitable for handwriting, unlike the monumental hieroglyphic.
6885	The star from Basic Instinct and Ratched accessorized with a few chunky bands on her right hand and a slender gold chain, which draped across her decolletage and disappeared into her cleavage.
6886	The star shared the new ink over a Halloween dinner with husband John Legend - the name Jack written in a cursive script as the two lovingly held hands over the dinner table.
6887	The stars on the poster are oddly shaped, and it is very suspicious that they are virtually identical to the one shown drawn over the reverse of the Great Seal.
6888	The state constitution specifically directs the Secretary of State to be the keeper of the Great Seal.
6889	The state now maintains that the inscription on the limestone box and the tablet are forged -- but the stones themselves are ancient and therefore belong to the state.
6890	The statement read: "The Queen has been pleased by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the Realm bearing date 22nd February, 1957, to give and grant unto His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh, K.G., K.T., G.B.E., the style and titular dignity of a Prince of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Whitehall.
6891	The statement released at the time read: "The Queen has been pleased by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the Realm bearing date 22nd February, 1957, to give and grant unto His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh, K.G., K.T., G.B.E., the style and titular dignity of a Prince of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Whitehall.
6892	The statement said: “Ladies and gentlemen, I declare my consent to a marriage contract between the elder King Henry Charles Albert David and Rachel Meghan Markle, which I agree to cause me to submit under the Great Seal and to be registered in the Books.
6893	The statue of Sully will also show the canine wearing his official America’s VetDogs service dog vest with the Great Seal of the United States of the back.
6894	The statue will also show him wearing his America's VetDogs vest with the Great Seal of the United States on its back.
6895	The statue will also show him wearing his America’s VetDogs vest with the Great Seal of the United States on its back.
6896	The stature features Sully in a sitting position holding a leash in his mouth, which depicts the "retrieve" command, and wearing a VetDog's service vest with the Great Seal of the United States on its back.
6897	The stature features Sully in a sitting position holding a leash in his mouth, which depicts the “retrieve” command, and wearing a VetDog’s service vest with the Great Seal of the United States on its back.
6898	The steel was a sort of O-shaped implement, almost three-and-a-half inches long, which was held by one leg in the left hand, and the other leg struck with a downward stroke over the tinder with a piece of flint.
6899	The step-by-step procedure for making Xuan paper was listed as a world intangible cultural heritage by UNESCO in 2009.
6900	The stone drums inscribed with poetry, dating back more than 2,300 years to the pre-Qin era (2100-221 BC), are the earliest known stone-carved Chinese texts in seal script that describes activities such as fishing, hunting and warfare.
6901	The stone tablet carries about 2,000 Chinese characters in total.
6902	The stone tablet on which the inscription was engraved was retrieved from a tunnel in a previous excavation at the site, which was dug at the end of the 19th century by British archaeologists Frederick Jones Bliss and Archibald Dickie, who excavated tunnels and pits along the Stepped Street.
6903	The stone tablet on which the inscription was engraved was retrieved from a tunnel of a previous excavation at the site, dug at the end of the 19th century by British archaeologists,Bliss and Dickie, who excavated tunnels and pits along the Stepped Street.
6904	The stones are set against an elegant slender gold band.
6905	The store is in process of reaching out to area schools and the Great Seal Network about playing a role in fledgling school esports programs.
6906	The storm laser-cut cuffs have a close fit and play very well with gloves, creating a great seal from the cold around the wrist.
6907	The story begins with a portion of an inscription found on an Assyrian tablet from approximately 2800 B.C. One of the first written attempts to predict the future states “… the end of the world is evidently approaching.” Therefore, take my views and those of others with a grain of salt.
6908	The story plays out from a command line prompt as you infiltrate a mysterious corporation snooping on emails, running scripts, and uncovering clues to delve deeper and deeper.
6909	The strokes of a character in cursive script were greatly simplified but linked so it was hard for ordinary people to read and write without special training.
6910	The structure is organically blended with seal script and script, which is ups and downs, simple and elegant, extraordinary and refined.
6911	The students were free to choose to compete in events ranging from Chinese calligraphy (Brush), Chinese calligraphy (Pen), drawing or painting, Chinese composition and Chinese poetry recital.
6912	The studio was established in 2008 and also offers beautiful Chinese calligraphy tattoos.
6913	The study includes drivers and restraints for the Four Treasures of the Study market along with the impact they have on the demand over the forecast period.
6914	The style emphasizes spontaneity of ink and color washes on Xuan paper (similar to American rice paper).
6915	The style originated in the 16th and 17th centuries as a quill-written cursive script often called “roundhand”.
6916	The style originated in the 16th and 17th centuries as a quill-written cursive script, often called roundhand.
6917	The style originated in the 16th and 17th centuries as a quill-written, cursive script, often called roundhand.
6918	The styling brush tip stays cool so you can hold each end of the brush for better control.
6919	The styling brush tip stays cool, so you can hold each end of the brush for better control.
6920	The stylish outfits displayed include a Victorian dress from the 1800s and a beaded evening dress from the 1930s, both have pastel pink hues and tones in a nod to this year’s official style guide and Boodles May Festival campaign identity.
6921	The subsequent writing is too neatly printed and didn’t attempt to replicate Kristin’s cursive script.
6922	The subterranean dining room’s ceiling features a round black panel with carved, large-scale gold Chinese calligraphy in a nod to the space’s original domed ceiling.
6923	The summer training courses on Chinese calligraphy, Chinese-style flower arrangement and Yunnan cuisine cooking will be conducted at the center from March 28 to May 23.
6924	The super dark formula and extra precise brush tip make applying this liner a breeze.
6925	The superfine and flexible brush tip glides across the lashline for incredibly fluid application, allowing you to create a variety of looks with ease.
6926	The superfine brush tip creates a similar effect to cosmetic feather stroke tattooing.
6927	The supporters soon seize the opportunity of a crisis to vent their spleen on the coaches, most times flying white handkerchiefs around match venues to indicate their need for the coach’s services to be dispensed with.
6928	The surveillance video captured a distinct tattoo on the man's forearm that appears to read "Chevrolet" in cursive script.
6929	The symposium not only helps push forward the international exchanges of Chinese calligraphy art, but also tell Qingdao stories, Chinese stories.
6930	The system will look for cylinders that are on a downward stroke.
6931	The tablet bears an inscription of a portion of the epic poem of Gilgamesh - the 3,500-year-old Sumerian tale considered one of the world's first pieces of literature.
6932	The tablet has an inscription describing how Lee fought the passenger on the train while protecting other passengers, with a portrait of him to the side.
6933	The tablet has an inscription of 377 characters describing the local natural scenery and geographical environment at that time, said Li Jiang with the county's culture, broadcasting, TV, and tourism bureau.
6934	The tablet has been ordered with the following inscription: "West Barnstable keeps in remembrance the service of her citizens in the wars of our country." (Note: The article explained that through the efforts of Zenas H.
6935	The tablet was found on Mt. Ebal, and when scanned with X-rays, revealed an inscription that dates 200-year further than previous Hebrew writings.
6936	The tablet was submerged during the Three Gorges Dam Project but you can walk along closed corridors of the museum and view its inscriptions through portholes 122 feet below the Yangtze River.
6937	The tablet which bears cuneiform inscriptions was found during a cultivation process on a personal farm in Ramhormoz county [of Khuzestan province], a senior police official in charge of protecting cultural heritage said on Monday.
6938	The tablet's 48-letter inscription is thought to have been written somewhere in the late 13th century BC.
6939	The tablet's inscriptions are a treasure trove of mythology, poetry and history that reflect the typical Maya practice of weaving together myth and reality.
6940	The tablet, dating back to 1862, also specified the number of fines for each violation and the law enforcers, according to the inscription.
6941	The tablet, which the researchers date to 1400-1200 BCE, could not be opened without damaging it, so a team of experts performed X-ray tomography scanning in Prague as well as detailed photography, revealing an ancient curse written in a proto-alphabetic script, the article, titled “You are Cursed by the God YHW: An Early Hebrew Inscription from Mt. Ebal,” states.
6942	The tablet, which was made in 1830 during the reign of Emperor Daoguang as shown on the inscriptions, was found by a reservoir in Xincheng Village of Neiqiu County, Xingtai City.
6943	The tabletop fire pit offers smokeless, odorless flames fueled by rubbing alcohol.
6944	The tablets are still being conserved, before being scanned with infrared light which should make the faint marks in black ink legible, but the cursive script is invariably a cryptic crossword puzzle that will take experts many months to solve.
6945	The tablets fizz as they dissolve, cleaning hard-to-reach places inside bottles (or other containers) without any scrubbing.
6946	The tablets with their cuneiform inscriptions were very durable if dried in the sun.
6947	The tablets, known as "turbah" or soil in Arabic, come in many shapes - round, square, lozenge, half-circle - with various inscriptions, often praising Imam Hussein, Prophet Mohammad's grandson who is buried in the city.
6948	The tablets, known as "turbah" or soil in Arabic, come in many shapes — round, square, lozenge, half-circle — with various inscriptions, often praising Imam Hussein, Prophet Mohammad's grandson who is buried in the city.
6949	The tablets, known as turbah or soil in Arabic, come in many shapes - round, square, lozenge, half-circle - with various inscriptions, often praising Imam Hussein, and are carried by the faithful on their person far and wide.
6950	The tablets, known as “turbah” or soil in Arabic, come in many shapes - round, square, lozenge, half-circle - with various inscriptions, often praising Imam Hussein, Prophet Mohammad’s grandson who is buried in the city.
6951	The tablet’s inscription that includes cures for symptoms of epilepsy, is written in cuneiform, an ancient system of letters created by pressing a triangular stylus into softened clay.
6952	The tablet’s inscription, written in cuneiform, describes cures for convulsions, twitches, and other involuntary muscle movements now thought to represent symptoms of epilepsy.
6953	The tarps bore the Great Seal of the Philippines, Marcos’ full name, and the inauguration date and venue.
6954	The tattoo features Offset's name in cursive script on the back of her lower thigh.
6955	The tattoo is written in black cursive script on Beckham’s right arm.
6956	The tattoo reads ‘Over twenty-one’ in a cursive script down the inside of her left forearm, referencing a saying of her late mother who was always sensitive about revealing her age.
6957	The tattoo, written in cursive script, is thought to read 'el pistolero' which means 'gunman' in Spanish, referring to the nickname of her beau, whose real name is Colson Baker.
6958	The tax collection agency says the waiver is not limited to soaps, disinfectant sprays, hand sanitizers, sanitizing wipes, face masks, rubbing alcohol and multivitamins and Vitamin C tablets until June 30, 2020.
6959	The teachers will also learn traditional Chinese skills such as paper-cutting, tea art, Chinese calligraphy, Taichi, and other martial arts, in order to better understand Chinese culture and history.
6960	The teaching of Chinese calligraphy at the Confucius Institute, the special escape room of the National Vaccine Factory also proved to be popular, and the anatomical tour organized at the clinic also aroused serious interest.
6961	The team colors are red, navy blue and cream with State Liners spelled out in cursive script.
6962	The team colors are red, navy blue and cream, with State Liners spelled out in cursive script.
6963	The team discovered for the first time that there are a large number of nanofibers and microfibers interweaving in the Xuan paper, forming a micro-nano multiscale three-dimensional network.
6964	The team discovered that the multiscale structure of traditional Xuan paper was exactly the same as the multiscale structure of many biological structural materials.
6965	The team found that the multiscale structure of the traditional Xuan paper was precisely like that of the multiscale structure of numerous biological structural materials.
6966	The team has narrowed the TF/TS Tiara system down to a system design concept that has shown strong potential and was most recently successfully deployed in animals using the TF/TS access with great seating, great sealing and rotational alignment.
6967	The technique involves scraping the skin in long downward strokes with enough pressure to leave red or purple marks on the skin.
6968	The technique of making Nishan ink slab is a provincial-level intangible cultural heritage item that dates back more than 500 years.
6969	The temple also has a large stone tablet that has an inscription and gives details about some gifts given by the Kadamba dynasty in the 12th century.
6970	The tent also included three display cases containing, among others, three gold $300 coins and a coin featuring the Great Seal of Canada, issued in 2003.
6971	The term, “E Pluribus Unum”, was and is a traditional motto of the United States that appears on the “Great Seal” and on some of our currency.
6972	The text is described as a “curse tablet” — with an inscription one might expect to find in some of the darker passages of the Old Testament.
6973	The text she quoted is from the Preface to Poems Composed at the Orchid Pavilion, a Chinese calligraphy masterpiece by Chinese calligrapher Wang Xizhi (303-361) of the Eastern Jin Dynasty (317-420).
6974	The text, which Wang To copied, is a letter by an earlier great calligrapher, Wang Hsi-chih (303-379), replying to a friend who had enquired after his illness, and who had himself been ill.
6975	The theme of this exhibition can be portrayed in two aspects: 'Ink' emphasises the importance of Chinese ink painting, and 'Innovation' implies that Chinese calligraphy will be transformed from its traditional roots into a modern art form.
6976	The theme of this exhibition can be portrayed in two aspects: ‘Ink’ emphasises the importance of Chinese ink painting, and ‘Innovation’ implies that Chinese calligraphy will be transformed from its traditional roots into a modern art form.
6977	The theme park was to feature everything from giant rollercoasters and other Chinese themed rides, to Chinese calligraphy classes, traditional theatre and music performances.
6978	The thin brush tip allows you to precisely apply the water-based colorant to your grout lines, giving them a fresh look without having to re-do them fully.
6979	The thin brush tip is designed to shimmy along the tiny corner lashes for a dramatic and more defined eye.
6980	The thin, vertical yellow plane, for example, is painted – counterintuitively – in painstaking horizontal strokes, creating that characteristic duality and opposition, while at the same time reminding us of the individual, the artist's steady hand, within the universal.
6981	The three sets of sport eartips lock into place easily, and provide a great seal for full sound.
6982	The three-act firework unfolded as an act of drama, a piece of poetic writing, and a scroll of calligraphy.
6983	The three-act fireworks unfold as an act of drama, a piece of poetic writing, and a scroll of calligraphy.
6984	The three-act fireworks unfold as an act of the drama, a piece of poetic writing, and a scroll of calligraphy.
6985	The three-act fireworks unfolded as an act of drama, a piece of poetic writing and a scroll of calligraphy.
6986	The three-day Chinese calligraphy exhibition is organized by China Cultural Center in Nepal to promote the Belt and Road Initiative.
6987	The tide was against them, and when he finally abdicated, on his way to exile in France, James in a symbolic gesture threw the Great Seal of England into the depths of the sewage-polluted Thames, whence it had to be retrieved by a couple of unfortunate chaps.
6988	The tiktoker @mama_mila_ explains her secret to cleaning the oven racks and trays without spending hours scrubbing: cover the trays and racks with aluminum foil, put them in the bathtub with hot water and one or two dishwasher tablets and let them rest for a couple hours.
6989	The tiny, curve enhancing underwear showed off the tattoo on her inner arm which reads “Faith, Hope, Love” in a curling, cursive script.
6990	The tips are larger and more ergonomic than the original model, and the silicone ends create a great seal in your ears.
6991	The tips are slightly oval shaped and didn’t make a great seal in my ears.
6992	The title of the episode – which has been written by McElhenney with his co-stars Charlie Day and Glenn Howerton – can be seen on an official script that the actor and Wrexham co-owner was holding in a TikTok clip that he posted yesterday (August 19).
6993	The title refers to a rare form of Chinese calligraphy in which the brush touches the paper in long, light strokes, evoking grace and delicacy but also powerful velocity.
6994	The tomb's stele inscription is the original one created in 1782 while the temple underwent renovations.
6995	The toolbar has advanced paint options such as align to landscape, size, flow of the brush, random leaning, grow speed, and layers to determine where things get painted.
6996	The top lot was an example of Chinese calligraphy, in a 19-by-19-inch frame, that brought $8,125.
6997	The top of the pane includes Chinese calligraphy in the upper left, the English text “Chinese Lunar Calendar” and “Celebrating the Year of the Rat 2020” in the center, and the U.N. emblem in gold on the right.
6998	The tour follows no official script or itinerary.
6999	The tourist attraction is famous for its carved wooden and stone statues, Chinese calligraphy and sacredness.
7000	The town has launched boating tours and Jiangnan intangible cultural heritage performances that tell the love story of calligrapher and painter Zhao Mengfu (1254-1322) on its ancient bridges, and invited people to sip apo tea, a traditional gathering for women that has been passed down for over 700 years, and appreciate a Jiangnan water town cheongsam show.
7001	The toys were then shipped to a Colombian toy company where they were hand-painted (using both brush tip and airbrush).
7002	The trademark feature of the show was the fact that there was no formal script for the episodes.
7003	The traditional art of Chinese calligraphy is getting a breath of digital modernity, thanks to a new VR installation by the Taiwan National Palace Museum, and technology show Computex.
7004	The traditional handmade method of Xuan paper involves more than 100 steps and takes nearly two years.
7005	The traditional meanings assigned to the colors may have arisen five years later, in 1782, when Charles Thompson, the secretary of the Continental Congress, waxed poetic about the colors in the Great Seal of the United States, which he helped design.
7006	The traditional process of making Xuan paper was listed as a national intangible cultural heritage in 2006 and included on UNESCO's list of intangible cultural heritage in 2009.
7007	The training range features Chinese-style lettering and an Arsenal badge in the style of Chinese calligraphy.
7008	The tree cascades over the dining room, a space filled with Chinese calligraphy on the walls and regal Indonesian Zi Tan rosewood chairs.
7009	The trees need some indication of shape, so using quick downward strokes I dry brush in some light Burnt Umber.
7010	The trees will stand tall at Great Seal State Park in Chillicothe.
7011	The trio, known as "Three Rarities Treasure," were generally considered to be among the most precious remnants in the history of Chinese calligraphy.
7012	The trio, known as “Three Rarities Treasure,” were generally considered to be among the most precious remnants in the history of Chinese calligraphy.
7013	The turning gouge or chisel could be used on the downward stroke of the foot only, but the economy of effort was amazing.
7014	The tusks are used to make "hanko" name seals which, when dipped in red ink and stamped on paper, are used as a signature in a wide range of transactions from opening a bank account to registering a marriage.
7015	The tusks are used to make "hanko" name seals which, when dipped in red ink and stamped on paper, are used like a signature in a wide range of transactions from opening a bank account to registering a marriage.
7016	The tusks are used to make “hanko” name seals which, when dipped in red ink and stamped on paper, are used like a signature in a wide range of transactions from opening a bank account to registering a marriage.
7017	The two artists incarnated traditional Chinese calligraphy on the stage, crossed the boundaries of dance with physical strength, and completed a sublimation of the essence of choreographic art.
7018	The two artworks were passed down to Dong Qichang, a notable calligrapher of the Ming Dynasty (1368-1644), whose style was favored and imitated by Emperor Kangxi (1654-1722) of the Qing Dynasty (1644-1911).
7019	The two emblematic green logos on either side of the pentagon echo the U.S. Great Seal, whose obverse (eagle and shield) and reverse (unfinished pyramid with eye) are illustrated on the back of the $1 bill.
7020	The two posed for pictures in typical Russian official style, facing each other across a conference table with flags in the background.
7021	The two types of liquid eyeliner tips are brush tips and felt tips.
7022	The two-coin set consists of images from the Great Seals of Queen Victoria.
7023	The two-in-one trick involves putting a dishwashing tablet into a 'magic sponge' and rubbing it over the shower door before rinsing it off.
7024	The two-in-one trick that involves putting a dishwashing tablet into a 'magic sponge' and rubbing it over the shower door before rinsing it off.
7025	The two-season pickup — it is already the longest running scripted show in TV history — will push The Simpsons to 625 episodes all time.
7026	The ultra-fine tapered brush tip allows you to create countless looks (from the classic wing to statement graphic styles) and glides onto skin sans pulling or dragging.
7027	The ultra-precise brush tip makes it easy to apply, and once it's on, it's not going anywhere.
7028	The unfinished pyramid with 13 steps representing the 13 colonies, now recognizable from the Great Seal of the United States, was part of the design of one bill.
7029	The unique brush tips let you get detailed or even thick strokes with the same ease.
7030	The unique rotating brush makes application easy – just twist the bottom to release the product and apply using the built-in brush tip.
7031	The uniquely-angled brush tip works to get into even the tiniest nooks and crannies to polish and clean.
7032	The upright and righteousness reflected in this poem is highly consistent with Wang Limin’s drive to learn Yan Zhenqing’s calligraphy.
7033	The use of the cryoprober together with robust software automation enabled more than 900 single quantum dots and more than 400 double dots at the last electron, which can be characterised at one degree above absolute zero in less than 24 hours.
7034	The use of the cryoprober together with robust software automation enabled more than 900 single quantum dots and more than 400 double dots at the last electron, which can be characterized at one degree above absolute zero in less than 24 hours," Intel explains.
7035	The use of the cryoprober together with robust software automation enabled more than 900 single quantum dots and more than 400 double dots at the last electron, which can be characterized at one degree above absolute zero in less than 24 hours.
7036	The versatile brush tip can create anything from fine lines to thick strokes — the more pressure you put on the brush, the thicker the line will be.
7037	The veteran voice actress, who will be on hand for the special event, said the statue is a testament to the writers, artists and the show’s other crew who made “The Simpsons,” the longest running scripted sitcom of all time.
7038	The victim was able to describe a Chinese calligraphy tattoo the actress has near her private parts, despite the actress denying having had any sexual contact with the victim.
7039	The village is home to various forms of intangible cultural heritage, including paper-cutting, painting and Chinese calligraphy, and many villagers like Jiang are good at this art form of writing with ink and brushes.
7040	The virtual events included a wide array of activities, like pre-recorded music performances, martial arts demonstrations, a paper cutting activity and a Chinese calligraphy demonstration, she added.
7041	The visit also included an introduction to the traditional Chinese culture, such as presenting tea etiquette, Chinese calligraphy, music performance, and various Chinese instruments.
7042	The visit is a great seal of approval on the country as a viable and safe investment destination after years of isolation from global investors including those from Britain.
7043	The wall panelling idea includes a display of treasures collected on her travels, from Vietnamese hammered brass gongs to a Papuan tribal shell necklace and Chinese calligraphy brush.
7044	The walls were covered with thousands of tributes—Chinese calligraphy on strips of white silk.
7045	The water is rendered in energetic, horizontal strokes in virtually every color but blue.
7046	The waterproof liner comes in a petite pen topped with a fine brush tip for perfect, precise application every time.
7047	The waterproof pencil features an easy-to-use angled tip, while the pen has an even finer brush tip that's flexible, so you can create those hair-like strokes with ease.
7048	The way Great Seal flag is folded changes, depending on the nature of the statement.
7049	The way that every hair in your brush tip leaves an individual mark.
7050	The website describes it as a rose, which is the national flower of the U.S., two golden poppies, which is the state flower of California, where Markle is from, and olive branches adopted from the Great Seal of the U.S. Between the flowers are symbols representing Harry and the country of Wales.
7051	The weekly activities will begin with Mindfulness Mondays, letting you join workshops including beginners’ tai chi with the Deyin Tai Chi Institute, meditation with Just Breathe and Chinese calligraphy.
7052	The white leather is accentuated with multiple black-hued detailings like profile swooshes and Chinese calligraphy with "Kung Fu" lettering, which is added upon the heel in an embroidered fashion.
7053	The whitening gel is applied directly to the teeth using the brush tip applicator, and the hydrogen peroxide works to penetrate the enamel and break down the staining molecules.
7054	The whole analysis of the Four Treasures of the Study market.
7055	The widely-respected 1962 Guiding Principles for Federal Architecture explicitly states that “an official style must be avoided” and that buildings ought to “reflect the regional architectural traditions of that part of the nation” where they’re located.
7056	The wider side is more of a brush tip that allows for easy coloring of large items.
7057	The winner was a Cyrillic "P" with horizontal strokes - easily recognisable to Russians but less so to foreigners.
7058	The winner was a Cyrillic “P” with horizontal strokes - easily recognisable to Russians but less so to foreigners.
7059	The winner was a Cyrillic “P” with horizontal strokes - easily recognizable to Russians but less so to foreigners.
7060	The winning character of year 2021 in Chinese calligraphy.
7061	The winning package also included air travel to and from Beijing, a lavish dinner, a traditional concert, and a Chinese calligraphy class.
7062	The woman's keys and cards were on the console, along with a small sealed bag containing the drug methylamphetamine, often called ice.
7063	The wooden boxes on the altar contain the Tran ancestors’ stone tablets, with chiselled Chinese characters setting out the dates of birth and death, along with some small personal effects.
7064	The words "Beijing 2022" on the emblem are represented through the art of Chinese calligraphy and Chinese paper-cutting to enhance the cultural connotation and the expressive power of the words, while contributing to the harmony of the overall emblem.
7065	The words "Dairy Fine" on the Aldi brand chocolate are written in a cursive script, making it hard to decipher and easily mistaken for the words "dairy free", Allergy and Anaphylaxis Australia spokeswoman Maria Said told nine.com.au.
7066	The words "Mexican Hat Dance" are written in a two-tone cursive script in the lower left corner.
7067	The words "Thank You" are highlighted in gold foil in cursive script.
7068	The words E pluribus unum (“Out of many, one”) are famously featured on the Great Seal of the United States on the dollar bill’s reverse.
7069	The words are written in black cursive script and read: "Nicola when you walked down the aisle you took my breath away you look so beautiful tonight and always.
7070	The words “Dairy Fine” on the Aldi brand chocolate are written in a cursive script, making it hard to decipher and easily mistaken for the words “dairy free”, Allergy and Anaphylaxis Australia spokeswoman Maria Said told nine.com.au.
7071	The words, “Let Go” scrawled in a cursive script on my inner wrist.
7072	The work "Scholar's Snow Cave" includes small-sized regular script and big-sized cursive script and also contains art forms like screens, seals, tablets and scrolls.
7073	The work bears witness to a plethora of approaches and techniques, from cartography to Chinese calligraphy—plus architectural drawings, graffiti and much more.
7074	The work is contained in a nineteenth-century manuscript in Italian cursive script, today held at the National Library of Israel.
7075	The workers can also learn calligraphy, write Spring Festival couplets and Chinese character fu (meaning good fortune) on the second floor of the station.
7076	The workers can learn calligraphy, write Spring Festival couplets and the Chinese character fu (good fortune) on the second floor of the center.
7077	The workers produced Chinese calligraphy and cut red paper to create wall decorations for the festival that falls later this weekend.
7078	The wrist tattoo has Jack’s name in cursive script.
7079	The wrist tattoo includes Jack’s name in cursive script.
7080	The writer and actress Deborah Eisenberg provided an outline, rather than a formal script, and discussed scenes with the actors during production as they improvised their dialogue.
7081	The yellow Labrador Retriever's statue is complete with an America’s VetDogs vest featuring the Great Seal of the United States.
7082	The yellow Labrador Retriever’s statue is complete with an America’s VetDogs vest featuring the Great Seal of the United States.
7083	The young needle-workers adapted designs of eagles as they appeared on the Great Seal of the United States, and they meticulously stitched maps to emphasize a growing nation.
7084	The younger Mr. Wuorinen was fascinated by many things — he once named fractal geometry, astrophysics, Egyptology and Chinese calligraphy as among the chief passions of his boyhood — and he began writing music when he was 5.
7085	The zoo will not be handing out individual pieces of candy, but instead, those participating will receive a small sealed treat bag at each booth.
7086	The zoo will not be handing out individual pieces of candy, but will pass out small sealed treat bags.
7087	The “American way,” he described, was codified by Congress in 1782 and placed on the Great Seal of the United States: E Pluribis Unum.
7088	The “Daily Drawing Challenge” guides students through drawing patterns with brush tip pens.
7089	The “Great Seal of the State of Arizona” features mountains and sunset, valley farmland, a cow, a miner with a shovel (or is it a convict with a shovel?
7090	The “House of David” inscription is believed to be on the 31st line of the 34 that make up the tablet.
7091	The “Hyper Easy” element is thanks to its hexagonal-shaped applicator and precision brush tip that delivers a steady stream of liquid liner.
7092	The “Two Wangs,” for instance, Wang Xizhi (AD 303-361), dubbed as “Sage of Calligraphy,” and his youngest son Wang Xianzhi (AD 344-386) are arguably the greatest exponents of all time in Chinese history.
7093	The “Unfinished Pyramid” on the reverse of the Great Seal of the US & $1 Bill.
7094	The “V” in this design doesn’t spread its “arms” nearly as wide and the vertical strokes in the “L” and “I”s are noticeably thicker.
7095	The “dagger” moniker refers to the angle brush tip, cut at a 30 degree edge so you can not only create a more precise line, but avoid dragging it too far out.
7096	The “eye of providence” — a symbol that appears on the Great Seal of the United States and on the reverse of a one-dollar bill — is much prized by conspiracy theorists as evidence that the world’s financial system is run by freemasons and sundry other illuminati.
7097	The “eye of providence”– a symbol that appears on the Great Seal of the United States and on the reverse of a $1 bill – is much prized by conspiracy theorists as evidence that the world’s financial system is run by freemasons and sundry other illuminati.
7098	The “many- / oared asters” in their roundedness become coracles and the long slender goldenrod seed-pods, triremes.
7099	The “melting pot” notion of citizenry is a deconstruction of the motto inscribed on the great seal of the United States: E pluribus unum – “One from the many.” It refers to a group of equal and independent states, united in a spirit of freedom for mutual benefit.
7100	The “super” Xuan paper is mainly used for artistic purposes.
7101	Their active ingredient is a safe formulation of peroxide loaded into an easy-to-use pen device with a soft brush tip that makes applying the solution to your teeth simple and quick — and you can even get it down into the crevices for a complete treatment.
7102	Their ancient script, Meitei Mayek, of the sixth-century vintage, is undergoing a process of revival after King Pamheiba made the Vaishnav form of Hinduism the official language of the Manipuri kingdom and Bengali the official script in the early 18th century.
7103	Their archaic clerical script has puzzled some well versed in the language, but pooled wisdom has helped decipher the larger block as Kuang yi zhi xiang—the “aroma” or “flavor” of the “crazy and strange.”15 The translation tracks with a line from Wong’s early poem “Psycic Bandits” (ca.
7104	Their art teacher Milan Sule, 62, is now also taking classes with Tan as she was intrigued by his style of using different painting techniques - Chinese calligraphy, Chinese brush painting, oil and watercolour - to paint what he calls "crystal lotuses".
7105	Their baronetcy dates back to 1611 and was first granted to the son of Elizabeth I’s Lord Keeper Of The Great Seal.
7106	Their brush tip already mimics the feeling of a real watercolor brush, which can be used both to create different strokes while painting or coloring or to indulge in calligraphy experiments.
7107	Their event will include Chinese zodiac scroll making, paper lantern decorating, Chinese paper cutting, Chinese game booths, and Chinese calligraphy.
7108	Their high-efficiency drivers deliver big sound in a small acoustic package and the comfy ear tips create a great seal that should maintain through the craziest workouts.
7109	Their interactions feel far more natural and realistic than the sometimes stilted, formal scripts of Trek series past.
7110	Their stall, called Khaira Chinese Islamic Calligraphy, incorporates traditional Chinese calligraphy with Arabic words on paintings.
7111	Their work in turn seems to be profoundly in sympathy with Goodwin’s brooding photographs of rocks and sea, or indeed with a brilliantly apposite photo of Chinese ink dissolving in the water of the Atlantic Ocean, or simply photographed as it spreads on a sheet of Xuan paper, an ancient Chinese paper much favoured by calligraphers and brush painters.
7112	Their work, crafted by hand, has found its’ way to churches, offices and homes including the Ohio State Capitol building’s stained glass Great Seal of Ohio hand crafted in their studio.
7113	Then Festbier became the official style.
7114	Then federal agents noticed a pattern: immigration petitions from Houston arriving in the same type of envelope with a nearly identical cover letter filled out in a similar cursive script.
7115	Then makes two swift downward strokes along the bottom of the display where you would like for the dock to appear.
7116	Then put a flat tip into a pastry bag — Warren suggests a 16-inch bag — and fill with the diplomat cream and make a few vertical strokes on each slice.
7117	Then section off your hair, dampen it (or not), and scrub the chalk into your hair using downward strokes, rather than pushing upward — the latter can damage the hair cuticle.
7118	Then she goes and lies down on top of her sister who yelps like a small seal.
7119	Then we jump to a clue about the motto for the Great Seal of the United States.
7120	Then you can start running scripts just like you would in a Create React App project with npm.
7121	Then you'll need to heat up your iron before rubbing the tablet back and forth along the burn marks.
7122	Then – in true Baby Seal style – he says it’s given him a lot to think about before final vows.
7123	Then, I saw his inscription and signature to my surprise and at that moment I felt like Charlie in Charlie and the Chocolate Factory when he tears open the Wonka Bar and sees the golden ticket!
7124	Then, all you have to do is dip a tablet in a little water - but don't get it too wet, or it will crumble - and use the tablet as if it were a sponge or cloth, placing it straight onto the oven door and scrubbing away at the grime and dirt with it.
7125	Then, apply it in two or three light coats, using upward strokes for the upper lashes and downward strokes for the lower lashes.
7126	Then, apply two-three light coats, using upward strokes for the upper lashes and downward strokes for the lower lashes.
7127	Then, hold your skin taught with one hand, and with the other gently scrape the blade in short, downward strokes, stopping to remove any hair or build up from your skin and blade as you go.
7128	Then, in the bottom right, Manasevit adds a jazzy little pile-on of short horizontal strokes: yellow, rose, green, ocher.
7129	Then, rinse the brush tips under running water and repeat the washing with the shampoo until the water runs clean from each brush.
7130	Then, some time in the last 100,000 years, the flying white-throated rail re-colonized the island, and once again gave rise to a flightless subspecies.
7131	Then, there’s a tea set in red- and gold-spotted Boluo lacquer, an ebony cigar box, an inkstone ashtray, and a Xuan paper kite.The package also comes with another tea set in bamboo, several cashmere blankets, and a checkers set in agate and leather.
7132	Then, “gently apply pressure evenly over the press-on for a great seal and wait 30 seconds for the glue to set,” Van Iderstine adds.
7133	There also is a viewpoint that inspired the design for the Great Seal of Ohio, looking across a valley at a range of hills.
7134	There are 12 official styles of kokeshi: Hijiori, Kijiyama, Nakanosawa, Nanbu, Naruko, Sakunami, Togatta, Tsuchiyu, Tsugaru, Yajiro, Yamagata, and Zao.
7135	There are 13 stars in the Great Seal of the United States.
7136	There are 178 years between 1782 when the American coat of arms aka the Great Seal was designed and adopted, and 1960 when Nigeria designed its Coat of harms.
7137	There are 3 major categories of exams subdivided in an aggregate of 11 skills, namely Chinese-style painting (flowers and birds, landscape painting, figure painting), Chinese calligraphy (soft brush calligraphy, pen calligraphy) and Western-style painting (pencil sketch, quick sketch, gouache, watercolour painting, oil painting, cartoon).
7138	There are 9 assorted nib sizes to choose from, including a flexible brush tip that allows the creation of precise lines and varying line weights.
7139	There are a few different brush tips to choose from, including a marker, a highlighter, glowing ink, and chalk, as well as an eraser and an undo button to fix small mistakes.
7140	There are also paper-cut, tea art, painting and Chinese calligraphy display, showing a certain cultural background and craft skills.
7141	There are also some pieces of Chinese calligraphy featuring Chan's poems, as well as several by Tang poets, such as Qian Qi's Seeing A Monk Off To Japan - a poem about a Japanese monk who travelled to Chang'an to study the sutras, and is now returning to Kyoto.
7142	There are currently 10 Storybook Trails at Ohio State Parks located at Alum Creek, Burr Oak, Dillon, Findley, Great Seal, John Bryan, Mary Jane Thurston, Maumee Bay, Sycamore, and Wingfoot Lake State Parks.
7143	There are expected to be many other Chinese calligraphy writing events hosted around Taiwan on the first two weekends of the new year.
7144	There are five embroidery styles, ranging from a single block monogram to a 12-character cursive script, and 10 color options, resulting in 50 possible combinations of your perfect towel.
7145	There are five main categories of Chinese calligraphy.
7146	There are just a ton of variables that have to be planned for with running scripts across the system.
7147	There are lots of things doing maths without a formal script, and I’d argue that it makes no sense to say that electrons or sound waves are following mathematical instructions any more than it makes sense to say that Jimi Hendrix was following a musical score.
7148	There are many details that readers will feel compelled to follow up, from the Yangzi “bird seal script,” whose characters resemble talons, feathers and beaks, to the arguments for and against calligraphy as a representation of an individual’s true self.
7149	There are many other ways to accomplish running scripts in the background, but for Raspberry Pi projects, these two are my go-to commands.
7150	There are more than 20 official scripts and changing dialects every few kilometres in India and will be a tough task to win over the country's diverse consumers.
7151	There are multiple segments in the global Four Treasures of the Study market and each segment is dependent on the other.
7152	There are no official scriptwriters when it comes to football, though the world's most popular sport does have a knack for making Hollywood creatives green with envy.
7153	There are not any formal scripts written at present for the new season, which means that the creative team will have their work cut out for them over the next little while trying to finalize that.
7154	There are not only the free and unrestrained performances of Ji Kang and others when they sing in the bamboo forest, but also the curved water cups of Wang Xizhi and others when they are in the Lanting Gathering.
7155	There are numerous different brush tips, and the application uses stroke speed to make each brush look and feel like you’re really drawing on a piece of paper.
7156	There are official style guidelines that will give a range of what a certain beer style should fall into and brewers will adjust their recipes so that the style they are brewing will be in that range.
7157	There are only two official styles -- margherita and marinara -- and even pizzerias that branch out tend to keep toppings simple and clean.
7158	There are plenty of experiments, from using iron filings to show what data a magnetic strip contains, to attempts to recreate a cold war-era bug that lived inside a carved wooden replica of the Great Seal of the US.
7159	There are references to amorous missives stretching back through the centuries, from the 5,000-year-old Bhagavatha Purana of Indian literature, through to an 8th-century BC Babylonian inscription and a poem on a c3,500 BC Sumerian tablet.
7160	There are several types of airbrushes, and classification depends on where the paint reservoir is located in relation to the brush tip.
7161	There are some fine 18th-century wall monuments, several imbued with Dr. Johnson’s belief that “in a lapidary inscription, no man is on oath,” not least that of Mary Cooper (1762), who was a housekeeper who “became strictly intitled to the Commendation of a truly good and faithfull Servant.” There is also a very understated tablet to Sam Gurney.
7162	There are tablet inscriptions, Axumite coins and a fine sacrificial altar.
7163	There are two other great-grandchildren of the Queen who are entitled to have official styles.
7164	There are two types of Kat Von D liquid liners: the Tattoo Liner, which is a brush tip, and the Ink Liner, which is a felt tip.
7165	There are two types of dot strokes.
7166	There are wind chimes, paper lanterns, and Chinese calligraphy in the shrine's entryway.
7167	There could be no greater seal of approval and recognition of that relationship than for a Roman centurion to see it in the dying body of a condemned criminal hanging on the cross.
7168	There has been a decline in the number of children able to write in cursive script.
7169	There in official script were three familiar names I intimately knew but I do not know why it was vacant of others?
7170	There is a connection between Chinese art, Chinese calligraphy, and abstract expressionism.
7171	There is a form of Chinese calligraphy, dishu, that involves writing on surfaces with a paintbrush dipped in water.
7172	There is a panel with the poetry of the 14th-century Persian poet Hafez written in Chinese calligraphy and a 17th-century Quran scribed by an anonymous Chinese copyist.
7173	There is a phenomenon known as nominative determinism – where someone’s name seals their fate.
7174	There is a reason for that famous statement on the Great Seal of the United States: E PLURIBUS UNUM.
7175	There is a reason the Great Seal of the State of Tennessee touts agriculture and commerce.
7176	There is a small cleaning tip on one end and a larger brush tip on the other.
7177	There is a small sealed tube, about a foot long.
7178	There is a story about how Wang Xizhi helped his son realize the foolishness of his arrogance and understand the importance of diligence.
7179	There is also a clear inscription on the tablet, recording in detail the reasons for and process of a temple's construction.
7180	There is also a cool foot pump and a small sealable case that can be used to keep your keys safe and dry.
7181	There is an assortment of animal-related and animal-adjacent clues elsewhere in the grid, like ABE at 26A: [Vigoda of “Fish”], EMUS at 52A: [Omnivorous birds], EMBLEM at 67A: [Great Seal, e.g.], RAJAH at 1D: [Pet tiger in “Aladdin”], STIES at 3D: [Pigs’ pads], EEL at 4D: [Flexible fish], EERIE at 9D: [Like “Pet Sematary”], and most notably GIANT PANDA at 16D: [Tian Tian at the National Zoo, e.g.].
7182	There is an official style guide, but a recent post by [Nate] from Sparkfun points out lessons learned from writing more libraries than most people.
7183	There is hope the Great Seal of The Commonwealth foretells the future of this tyranny: Thus Always to Tyrants and a woman shall destroy their reign in 2020, if not before.
7184	There is no doubt that Sindhu fought till the end without giving up but in purely badminton sense the Indian was found wanting with the precision of her downward strokes and Okuhara managed to control the pace of most of those rallies till either of them ended up making a mistake.
7185	There is no formal script available because I didn’t use one.
7186	There is no formal script to the shows, no storyline to follow.
7187	There is no formal script yet, but the film will be directed by Streep’s longtime friend and “Devil Wears Prada” and “Julie” co-star Stanley Tucci.
7188	There is no greater seal of approval in the bank industry than having Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway as a shareholder.
7189	There is no greater seal of approval in the bank industry than having Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway as a shareholder.
7190	There is no greater seal of approval than being recognised by one’s customers.
7191	There is no greater seal of approval than being recognized by our customers.
7192	There is no greater seal of approval than being recognized by our guests” said Shiromal Cooray, Chairman, Jetwing Hotels.
7193	There is no requirement for the Great Seal to be included in election writs.
7194	There is often no formal script for action or hierarchy, as in a usual war.
7195	There is the Great Seal of the U.S. of an eagle signifying a desire for peace but a readiness for war with 13 olive branches in one claw and 13 arrows in the other one.
7196	There should be a running script for a full, two-hour feature, too?
7197	There used to be no formal script.
7198	There was a classic bomber jacket, his official script when he made an appearance on The Simpsons, and even some of the medals and awards he won during his incredible science career.
7199	There was a kind of credibility even the most well-intentioned aid worker speaking from an official script would never.
7200	There was a problem with a small seal where the pump connects to the motor and it lost the oil.
7201	There was also Liang Youlin, whose mother had tried to quiet him down by taking him to learn Chinese calligraphy and art in vain.
7202	There was also a chance for people to create their own Chinese calligraphy.
7203	There was no formal script for The Souvenir.
7204	There was no formal script.
7205	There were also Chinese calligraphy and a Wishing Wall containing hopes written on decorative mouse-shaped cardboard discs and hung together on strings.
7206	There were also people running scripts — essentially a set of instructions for your computer to execute a series of actions.
7207	There were also several New Year booths showcasing Chinese calligraphy, a children’s corner and zodiac displays.
7208	There were also votive mace heads, a royal inscription referring to the late Assyrian king Adadnirari, inscribed dedicatory wall cones, a mathematical tablet and an inscribed amulet resembling a unique example excavated at the Assyrian capital of Nimrud.
7209	There were warriors and cardinals, lawyers and ambassadors, members of the Privy Council and Lord Keepers of the Great Seal.
7210	There will also be 13 stalls selling traditional and contemporary crafts and gifts, and local artisans will demonstrate traditional Chinese calligraphy, kite-making, fan painting, and embroidery, and visitors can solve Chinese riddles.
7211	There will also be a display by Wildlife Reserves Singapore and Chinese calligraphy booths.
7212	There will also be a display of birds by Wildlife Reserves Singapore and a Chinese calligraphy booth.
7213	There will also be a fashion show, poetry, Chinese calligraphy and food.
7214	There will also be an animal display, Chinese calligraphy, guided walks to view the Istana's biodiversity and tours of the main Istana building.
7215	There will also be an assortment of activities for the whole family, including Henna with Bhutanese students, hair braiding, karate demos with the Penacook School of Martial Arts, Native American activities with the Mount Kearsarge Indian Museum, Chinese calligraphy and paper-cutting with the UNH Confucius Institute, sand art, heritage bead necklaces and African Shekere.
7216	There will also be an early charter with Mary's Great Seal.
7217	There will also be an early charter with Mary’s Great Seal.
7218	There will also be cooking demonstrations of auspicious food and desserts, Chinese calligraphy, xiangqi (Chinese chess), and performances by Thai pop stars.
7219	There will also be demonstrations, local vendors and activities including origami-making and Chinese calligraphy!
7220	There will also be martial arts performances and two different indoor “Cultural Villages” with Chinese calligraphy, dance, music and other hands-on arts and crafts.
7221	There will also be opportunities for shoppers to have their names written in Chinese calligraphy and for children to make their own dragon mask and take part in a Dragon Parade.
7222	There will also be paper-cutting and origami, a Tiger painting exhibit, a Chinese calligraphy demonstration, vegetable carving and predictions for the coming year by Sifu Paul Ng.
7223	There will also be various art activities such as lantern painting, Chinese calligraphy and paper cutting provided by the Dallas Chinese Community Center.DFW Chinatown in Richardson is also known for its Asian restaurants, bakeries and grocery stores.
7224	There will be Moon Cakes, Jianbing(Chinese street crepe), Baozi, Dumplings, Chinese calligraphy, Chinese Crafts, Dragon Dance, Lion Dance, Performance from China, and hours of entertainment.
7225	There will be Year of the Rat themed crafts, cultural activities like, Chinese calligraphy, the art of Chinese knot, and Mahjong games between, 2-7pm.
7226	There will be a pot of eight mini soccer balls, each with one quarterfinal team name sealed inside.
7227	There will be an exhibit, Chinese calligraphy demonstrations, a lion dance, a fashion show and classic dances performed.
7228	There will be arts and crafts, Chinese calligraphy and Chinese snacks.
7229	There will be dragon dances, folk performances and a demonstration of Chinese calligraphy.
7230	There won’t be a sentinel to draw attention to this spot in the park, but visitors who notice the tablet and take time to stop and slowly read the inscription will be drawn “like a magnet” to the spot, says King.
7231	There would be live music, free admission for visitors, and most importantly, the unveiling of a recently obtained late 1700’s original printing of the great seal of the United States.
7232	There's a lot of advice out there on how to build great sealed decks and on playing Limited Magic in general.
7233	There's a pagoda with its own water feature, a room where you can practise the cursive designs of Chinese calligraphy, an art gallery covered in twinkling fairy lights, plus a three-tonne bell dangling from the ceiling.
7234	There's no known date or artist, but Trinity Church Archivist Joseph Lipinski told Business Insider it's thought to be one of the earliest Great Seal paintings because the eagle looks more like a turkey.
7235	There's no scrubbing required for it to thoroughly clean your bottle, and each tablet is completely chlorine-free as well as biodegradable.
7236	There's no single formula and the YouTubers have taken different tacks, such as high-production videos with formal scripts or off-the-cuff rambling.
7237	There's not a lot of resistance on the downward stroke, and keys bounce back with vigour, making typing feel effortless.
7238	There, in elegant cursive script, were the words I have since adopted as my all-time favorite phrase: Something wonderful is about to happen.
7239	Therefore, it’s very possible that the MEN don’t have much to add to the story, so are hedging their bets and sticking to the official script.
7240	Therefore, the background must be in white color, you can only use an official style for letters, and stick to the strict rules for spaces between letters and numbers.
7241	Therefore, themes like the seven sages of the bamboo grove in the Wei (AD 213-266) and Jin (AD 266-420) dynasties and "Orchid Pavilion Gathering," a famous calligraphy work by master Wang Xizhi (AD 303-361), are common.
7242	There’ll be cultural activities such as Chinese calligraphy, paper cutting and lantern painting and performances like kung fu, an orchestra, and fan dancing.
7243	There’s a mix of a typewriter style font and cursive script, which definitely feels like a throwback.
7244	There’s also a basic head-to-head mode, waged on small sealed-off environments, in which power gaps between players are sportingly erased.
7245	There’s also a revelation to be had in the room where Matisse’s paper ‘cut-outs’ – subject of a smash-hit 2014 show at Tate Modern – are shown alongside a wooden panel of Chinese calligraphy he’d acquired.
7246	There’s an American myth that Benjamin Franklin wanted to make the wild turkey the national bird of the United States and put it on the Great Seal, but Thomas Jefferson prevailed and we got the bald eagle instead.
7247	There’s less force expended in each downward stroke of the pedals, but overall the same amount of energy helps the cyclist climb to the top.
7248	There’s no greater seal of approval!
7249	There’s no noise cancellation here, nor is there a great seal in your ear to keep things out.
7250	There’s no official script for the series yet, either.
7251	There’s no official style guide, which means there are a couple variations.
7252	There’s only so much you can do when you’re running scripted “shoot” fights, and it already shows.
7253	There’s plenty of family-friendly fun including crafts, Chinese calligraphy demonstrations and the Lucky Wishes Wall, where guests can share their hopes for the future/year ahead.
7254	There’s the wooden sign over the coffee maker with the message, “All I need today is a little bit of COFFEE and JESUS.” On wooden plank above the kitchen cabi et, a passage from the Gospel of Luke is painted in white cursive script: “I will show you what he is like: He is like a man building a house, who dug deep and laid his foundation on the rock.
7255	These Tablets That Freshen Your Washing Machine Without Scrubbing Affresh Washing Machine Cleaner (6-Pack) $12 | Amazon See On Amazon Even the washing machine needs freshening up sometimes, and these washing machine cleaner tablets easily penetrate and dissolve odor-causing residue that builds up over time.
7256	These are a great seal with a clip lid," Sam said in her video.
7257	These are brush tips and personally offer more control for me," says Cheng.
7258	These are contemporary tablets from about 3,700 years back that contain inscriptions that are currently the oldest records of applied geometry that we currently have.
7259	These are offered at various times including free face painting, paper lantern making and Chinese calligraphy.
7260	These are paper, ink stone, ink stick and brush.
7261	These are some essential steps to make Xuan paper, a delicate, long-lasting type of paper traditionally used for Chinese calligraphy and painting.
7262	These are songs as literature, each verse an inscription on a tablet.
7263	These are the name Harper in cursive script and the words ‘pretty lady’.
7264	These brush tips are just…oof.
7265	These brush tips offer the excellent fluid laydown of traditional paintbrushes in the form of markers.
7266	These can range from cursive scripts to crisp prints to playful block letters.
7267	These days, the winged logo is still just as recognisably Breitling as its more modern replacement, the letter B in a vintage-style cursive script.
7268	These days, we’re scrubbing our bottles with soap and water more often and using these fizzy cleaning tablets to combat mineral buildup and odors.
7269	These easy-to-use tablets do the hard work for you, so you can spend less time scrubbing.
7270	These feature a single brush tip that is pleasantly springy and quite flexible—definitely softer than Tombow’s—so colors run smoothly.
7271	These files are also automatically loaded when running scripts through the sanity exec command.
7272	These findings suggest that one cannot simply extrapolate the diet of estuary seals across the greater seal population in the Strait of Georgia.
7273	These functions are exercised jointly by the Counsellors of State or by such a number of them specified in the letters patent under the Great Seal and subject to any other conditions within.
7274	These gaskets are strong and still provide a great seal, although they can still fail too.
7275	These had been the most effective heroes that would shut down Echo and finish the flying white terror for the complete crew.
7276	These high voltage substations can be installed in a small sealed environment with sulfur hexafluoride gas acting as the insulating medium.
7277	These historic coins sport a gorgeous Liberty design by then-Chief Engraver Robert Scott on their obverse and a heraldic eagle on their reverse adapted from the Great Seal used from 1798 to 1804.
7278	These impressive gold coins were produced by New York goldsmith and jeweler Ephraim Brasher with an obverse adapting the state coat of arms of New York showing the sun rising over a mountain peak, and the reverse depicting an eagle with outstretched wings similar to that used on the Great Seal of the United States.
7279	These include Meet to Eat, where students join an arranged trip to visit a restaurant, a global afternoon tea, Chinese calligraphy and origami workshops, and City Chase, a treasure hunt-style quest where students work together to answer questions.
7280	These include a rose, the national flower of the US, two golden poppies from her home state of California, and olive branches adopted from the Great Seal of the US.
7281	These include the NPM's signature pieces such as the Jadeite Cabbage with Insects, Meat-shaped Stone and Mao Gongding, as well as the calligraphy masterpieces "Timely Clearing after Snowfall" by Wang Hsi-chih (303-361) and "Autobiography" by Huai Su (730s-770s).
7282	These include two micro-nit fiber tips, two disc tips, and even a brush tip.
7283	These individual segments suggest the five forms of traditional Chinese calligraphy—Zuan, Li, Tsao, Hsin, and Kai—which varied in the eras of their historical development, their complexity, and the purposes for which they were used.
7284	These intercooler components sat beside a shining line of Vibrant Performance’s HD Full Clamp Assemblies, which came complete with silicone couplers, integrated stainless and titanium weld ferrules, and O-rings for greater sealing power.
7285	These little deodorizing tablets go right into the wash during a hot water cycle, and they save you from scrubbing the inside of your washing machine, while cleaning parts you can’t even see.
7286	These look like basic reusable wine stoppers, but a U.S. chemist created these, and they actually pull the oxygen out of a bottle once you pull the small seal from the bottom of the stopper.
7287	These markers feature brush tips on one side and ultra-fine detail tips on the other, giving you the versatility to add thin and thick lines and paintbrush-like strokes to your creations.
7288	These markers have dual tips - a flexible brush tip for broad strokes and a fine tip for precise lines.
7289	These may be labeled as nickel-cadmium (Ni-Cd), nickel metal hydride (Ni-MH), nickel-zinc (Ni-Zn), lithium (Li), lithium-ion (Li-Ion), silver oxide, solar, small sealed lead-acid (SSLA/Pb) and lead-acid (LA/Pb).
7290	These multifunctional pens come with ten nibs, including nine micro nibs and one soft brush tip option.
7291	These notable events are all found on sandstone inscription tablets in the battlements of Gwrych.
7292	These officers, who usually serve as criminal investigators, special police, traffic police, and community police, experienced Chinese calligraphy, introduced themselves in Chinese and sang Chinese songs.
7293	These opinions just shouldn't be embossed with a counterfeit Great Seal of the Realm.
7294	These ostensibly highly professional paintings also displayed values of “realistic” drawing sought in the Song academic manner that became the genealogical base for the alternative, non-literati trajectory of ink painting in the late Ming, such as Parting at Jinchang by Tang Yin(1470-1524).
7295	These pairs of letters are good starting points because they give you vertical strokes, horizontal strokes, shoulders and joints as well as circular shapes.
7296	These parks include Ipan Beach Park, Chief Kepuha Park, Great Seal of Guam Park, Matapang Beach Park, 77th Infantry Division Park, Labugan Park, Umatac Church Ruins, and Fort San Jose.
7297	These pens are equipped with easy-to-fill syringes and the precision brush tips gives you dripless application.
7298	These pens have flexible brush tips for medium, small and bold strokes,” says Tuli, an arts and craft teacher from Mumbai.
7299	These pens that come in 10 colors have a stiff brush tip that allows you to freely express line widths.
7300	These people are barely literate, so let’s see if we can derive a peasant hand from the cursive script.
7301	These politically turbulent times find a voice in several of the exhibited quilts, one displaying pride in our struggling democracy by incorporating the Great Seal of the United States.
7302	These politically turbulent times find a voice in several of theexhibited quilts, one displaying pride in our struggling democracy byincorporating the Great Seal of the United States.
7303	These problems are preventable by brushing the teeth two times a day with vertical strokes of the brush rather than horizontal and using toothpaste that contains fluoride.
7304	These questions do have some answers in the official script which has been sent to members of the Writers Guild of America for awards consideration, and Slashfilm has done some digging into the pages.
7305	These results jibe with inscriptions on cuneiform tablets from that time in which Hittite officials fretted over rising food prices and asked for grain to be sent to their cities.
7306	These signs combined ancient Chinese calligraphy with modern commercial aesthetics, using cultural and narrative symbols as well.
7307	These souvenirs, including paper cuttings, Chinese calligraphy works, Peking Opera masks, as well as trophies and certificates that he received in China, carry his fond memories of years of friendly exchanges with China.
7308	These tablets are made from biodegradable, chlorine-free ingredients, and all you have to do is drop them in a bottle of water, let it fizz, then give it a rinse — no scrubbing required.
7309	These tablets are said to be essentially correlated with the Rosetta Stone, which is a stele with three types of inscriptions from a decree that was supposedly issued in Memphis, Egypt, during the Ptolemaic dynasty.
7310	These tablets neutralize bacteria, attacking bad smells and stains on clothes without manually scrubbing or cleaning them off.
7311	These tales inspire children to dream big, as they create sound effects, guess clues, and even learn to write/read Chinese calligraphy.
7312	These then go onto the online calendar, in Great Seal Living and are announced on the radio.
7313	These tips can be standard ones like a felt-tip pen, or they can be fancy ones such as a force-sensing bristle brush tip, motion-tracking camera, and a flashlight.
7314	These try to drain server-side assets, for instance, memory or central processing unit (CPU), with a barrage of user datagram protocol (UDP) requests, generated by running scripts on compromised botnet machines.
7315	These were simplified, cursive scripts developed in the third and first millennium BC respectively, and were written with a reed pen using ink on papyrus sheets.
7316	These were the best heroes that could shut down Echo and end the flying white terror for the entire team.
7317	These were written in his own clear, strong hand, slanting to the right, with “f’s” heavily shaded in the downward stroke.
7318	They accomplished this by placing a monolayer sample of chemical vapor-deposition grown hexagonal boron nitride in a small sealed chamber with a quartz observation window and filled the gas chamber with a variety of gases, including nitrogen, oxygen and water vapor.
7319	They addressed the questions and speculation about why the great seal of the US was blurred in one particular bit of footage.
7320	They all have brush tips,’” Amanda recounted.
7321	They also exhibit great talent outside of piano performance: one has been commissioned by the Chamber Music Society of Lincoln Center to write a piano trio, another is a National MathCounts finalist, and yet another has been seriously studying and practicing Chinese calligraphy since he was 4.
7322	They also experienced paper cutting and Chinese calligraphy to welcome the coming of the Chinese New Year.
7323	They also feature a versatile brush tip, which performs similarly to a paint brush, and a broad chisel tip.
7324	They also offer various courses to the general public, including Mandarin language classes, Chinese calligraphy, tai chi, and traditional musical instruments.
7325	They also took in a performance by the Maha Bodhi School Symphonic Band, and visited a Chinese calligraphy booth as well as a bird display by Wildlife Reserves Singapore.
7326	They also unearthed the remains of papyri containing demotic (an Egyptian cursive script) and Greek writings.
7327	They also wanted to change the official script form the Persian to the Hindu Devanagri script, effectively making Hindi rather than Urdu the main candidate for the national language.
7328	They also wanted to change the official script from Persian and Urdu to the Hindu Devanagari, effectively making a case for Hindi instead of Urdu to be the national language.
7329	They anchored off what seemed an uninhabited shore, and then were surprised to see two small sealskin boats, each with a single paddler, coming out to the ship.
7330	They appear on the Great Seal of the United States and the seals of the president, vice president, Congress and the Supreme Court.
7331	They are "mostly legal and administrative documents, but also include an important collection of Early Dynastic incantations and a bilingual religious text from the Neo-Babylonian period." Among the relics are two clay cones with royal inscriptions from the Early Dynastic Lagash II periods and tablets that trace back to 2100-1600 B.C.
7332	They are "mostly legal and administrative documents, but also include an important collection of Early Dynastic incantations and a bilingual religious text from the Neo-Babylonian period." Among the relics are two clay cones with royal inscriptions from the Early Dynastic Lagash II periods and tablets that trace back to 2100-1600 B.C.E.
7333	They are accompanied by Chinese calligraphy, zodiac animals and ying-yang symbols, further recontextualizing the Western referent.
7334	They are all BPA- and phthalate-free and have thicker grooves on the edges for a greater seal.
7335	They are all BPA-free, 100% phthalate free and have thicker grooves on the edges for a greater seal.
7336	They are also invited to try Chinese arts and crafts, such as Chinese calligraphy, and dragon's pearl coloring craft.
7337	They are available in a set of eight black fineliner pens with varying tip sizes for different uses, including one versatile brush tip.
7338	They are beautifully decorated in Arabic calligraphy (the cursive script also known as thuluth is the same one wrapped around the building) inspired by quotes from His Highness Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Vice President and Prime Minister of the UAE and Ruler of Dubai, which embodies the spirit of the museum and its mission.
7339	They are beautifully decorated in Arabic calligraphy (the cursive script also known as thuluth is the same one wrapped around the building) inspired by quotes from His Highness Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Vice President, Prime Minister and Ruler of Dubai, which embodies the spirit of the museum and its mission.
7340	They are beautifully decorated in Arabic calligraphy (the cursive script also known as thuluth is the same one wrapped around the building) inspired by quotes from Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Vice President, Prime Minister and Ruler of Dubai, which embodies the spirit of the museum and its mission.
7341	They are designed to provide a great seal for active noise cancellation (more on this later).
7342	They are made from large red paper strips with Chinese calligraphy written in black ink.
7343	They are often used as a symbol of the United States and are featured on the Great Seal of the United States.
7344	They are simply just some of the best out there when it comes to folks that just don’t want loads of protection and would rather some lightweight scratch protection with the usual raised lips to keep the display and camera array from rubbing up against tabletops and the like.
7345	They are small sealed vials used to preserve samples in both liquid and solid forms.
7346	They are the only lions known to target sea life such as seabirds and small seals on Namibia's Skeleton Coast and attract tourists from all over the world.
7347	They are to show you the general direction in which the pen moves in making the downward strokes.
7348	They base this on the designs that Hopkinson created for the Great Seal of the U.S. and the Continental Board of Admiralty seal [source: Williams].
7349	They beat team-mates Zhang Nan and Li Yinhui 19-21, 21-12, 21-10 to set up a final with another Chinese pair, second seeds Wang Yulhu and Huang Dongping, after they enjoyed a 21-6, 21-10 win over Hong Kong's Tang Chun Man and Tse Ying Suet.
7350	They boast an ergonomic triangular design that provides a great seal and a very solid fit, making them some of the most comfortable buds out there.
7351	They bought into the Harlem crew’s apparent zest for patriotism, from their stars and stripes bandanas to their Great Seal of United States-inspired insignia: a bald eagle toting two Glocks.
7352	They bring in a lot of different T-shaped people with different vertical strokes in different areas.
7353	They brought their cash gift in a small sealed plastic bag — filled with the hope they might help another family through difficult days.
7354	They come with either a brush tip or a felt tip and are perfect for winged looks and precision detailing.
7355	They decorate their houses with couplets pasted on door panes and write Chinese calligraphy.
7356	They did all work for us eventually, but they needed much more scrubbing than the dishwasher tablet method.
7357	They discovered a number of intriguing artifacts, including a coin from the 1500s and a stone tablet with a mysterious inscription.
7358	They each boast a fine brush tip that makes them easy to apply, but they can also be used as eyeshadow.
7359	They engraved designs and inscriptions on cylinder seals which, when rolled over soft clay tablets, left relief impressions.
7360	They explicitly say “an official style must be avoided” and that new buildings should reflect their own time.
7361	They feature a white leather upper in the same vein as the timeless all-white colorway, but swap the midsole’s usual “AIR” hit with a cursive script reading “Love you forever” along with the addition of heart molding at the toe in place of the AF1’s traditional star traction pattern.
7362	They feature one brush tip and one wedge tip, meaning you can also use them for fine details.
7363	They found the Great Seal actually contained a listening device so sophisticated that it couldn’t be detected.
7364	They gave him a carving of the Great Seal of the United States of America.
7365	They had to sing communist anthems and learn Chinese calligraphy and effectively demonstrate that they were shedding their own cultural heritage, their Kazakh or Uyghur heritage.
7366	They have a brush tip on one side and a fine tip on the other.
7367	They have a great seal, budget friendly, classy looking and heavy duty,' she said.
7368	They have a tapered nylon fiber brush tip enabling the user to create thin and thick lines with added pressure.
7369	They have both a brush tip and a fine point for different kinds of coloring.
7370	They have low “x-heights” — that’s the height of a lowercase letter like “e,” “a” and, obviously, “x” — and high crossbars, or horizontal strokes, on letters like “e.” Garamond’s strokes are widely varied and full of character — they were originally made, after all, to resemble handwriting.
7371	They include an 18th-century painting of the Great Seal of the United States and the oldest monument in New York, commissioned by the Continental Congress in 1776, to an American revolutionary war hero, Gen.
7372	They join displays of the U.S. and North Dakota flags and the state's Great Seal in Memorial Hall.
7373	They look thicker than vertical strokes to people because of an optical illusion.
7374	They now sit on a par with Argentine tango, Belgian beer culture, Chinese calligraphy, French cuisine, Indian yoga, Japanese Kabuki theatre, Mexico's Day of the Dead and Spanish Flamenco.
7375	They now sit on a par with Argentine tango, Belgian beer culture, Chinese calligraphy, French cuisine, Indian yoga, Japanese Kabuki theatre, Mexico’s Day of the Dead and Spanish Flamenco.
7376	They offer stellar sound quality, a great seal, and are super comfortable for long periods of time.
7377	They offer stellar sound quality, a great seal, and are super comfortable for long periods.
7378	They remain on the US Great Seal, one-dollar bill, official documents, etc.
7379	They sat and talked, visited the car wash, presented Stinson with a lapel pin of Alabama’s Great Seal and insisted he take the more than $5,000 in reward money that’s been raised through the Mark White Radio Show.
7380	They seemed to understand the motto on the Great Seal "e pluribus unum" one out of many.
7381	They should glide from top to bottom in short, gentle, downward strokes, avoiding the eyes and eyebrows.
7382	They showed captured military Humvees, luxury SUVs and pick-ups speeding through the streets, flying white Taliban flags as residents – mostly youths and young men – cheered them on.
7383	They showed captured military Humvees, luxury SUVs and pickups speeding through the streets, flying white Taliban flags as residents – mostly youths and young men – cheered them on.
7384	They showed captured military Humvees, luxury SUVs, and pickups speeding through the streets, flying white Taleban flags as local residents - mostly youths and young men - cheered them on.
7385	They showed captured military Humvees, luxury SUVs, and pickups speeding through the streets, flying white Taleban flags as local residents — mostly youths and young men — cheered them on.
7386	They showed captured military Humvees, luxury SUVs, and pickups speeding through the streets, flying white Taliban flags as local residents -- mostly youths and young men -- cheered them on.
7387	They showed captured military Humvees, luxury SUVs, and pickups speeding through the streets, flying white Taliban flags as local residents – mostly youths and young men – cheered them on.
7388	They showed captured military Humvees, luxury SUVs, and pickups speeding through the streets, flying white Taliban flags as local residents — mostly youths and young men — cheered them on.
7389	They showed captured military Humvees, luxury SUVs, and pickups speeding through the streets, flying white Taliban flags as local residents — mostly youths and young men — cheered them on.One of the first things the insurgents did on entering Zaranj was to open the gates of a local jail, officials said, freeing Taliban prisoners along with common criminals.
7390	They showed captured military Humvees, luxury SUVs, and pickups speeding through the streets, flying white Taliban flags as local residents—mostly youths and young men—cheered them on.
7391	They shutout the world with a great seal inside of your ears, and some even sport active noise cancellation to really drown out your surroundings.
7392	They signed a parchment with the Great Seal of the Village, fired pistols, released lanterns, tied red balloons to the arch, and wandered off at dawn.
7393	They sleep the way that people who’ve become so accustomed to sharing space that they’d have trouble drifting off alone sleep, bodies flowing together like cursive script.
7394	They stand facing a stone tablet—behind it, a space for the urn—bearing an inscription of the deceased relative's name.
7395	They studied Chinese calligraphy and paintings and learned the history of Chinese characters as well as the way of using the ink brush.
7396	They support several alarm options including running scripts.
7397	They tried to mount the mythical beast touting one of artist Linjie Deng’s yin-yang calligraphy works, part of Mugrabi’s private collection.
7398	They typically have a sturdy felt tip or a brush tip and resemble a thin-tip marker.
7399	They walked across snow-covered sidewalks, carrying signs written in careful cursive script.
7400	They watched intangible cultural heritage performances, visited the Lakeside Park and the top of Nantian Lake Scenic Area, and experienced Chinese calligraphy, painting, and dance at a waterfront terrace.
7401	They were both prolific writers, Jalet clocking 110 words per minute on an old manual typewriter that printed in cursive script.
7402	They were unaware that they carried a listening device when they presented the ambassador with a large, wooden US Great Seal for his study.
7403	They will be sealed by either the Great Seal or Wafer Great Seal, and will be either typed or handwritten.
7404	They would converse in Mandarin and watch approved TV, practice Chinese calligraphy, and sing patriotic songs.
7405	They would have to look at the statutory language that seems to say the certificate “shall” include the great seal and decide that it is just as valid if it does not.
7406	They're all different formulations: one's a liquid, one's a pencil, and one is a cream that's best applied with a thin brush tip.
7407	They're both applied via brush tip and legend has it, this much cheaper version lasts all day without a sad, smudgy ending.
7408	They’ll then use the stone-like gua sha massage tool to scrape to your skin in long, downward strokes.
7409	They’re consistent, comfortable to hold, and are available in a range of nib sizes as well as a brush tip.
7410	They’re easy to use: remove the nib, fill it with water and dip the brush tip of your chosen size into your colour pigment/ cake.
7411	They’re simple to use too: All you do is take the blade side facing down and gently push on the skin in downward strokes.
7412	They’re small sealed vials used to maintain samples in each liquid and cast bureaucracy.
7413	They’re small sealed vials used to protect samples in each liquid and strong kinds.
7414	Think about creating silhouettes: using your own custom-made brush tips is key here.
7415	Think of the inscription on the Great Seal of the United States: Novus Ordo Seclorum -- A new order for the ages.
7416	Think: chafe-free neckline (rare on a budget suit), great seals to prevent water entry, easy on/off, and durable material that’ll last for more than just a couple of seasons.
7417	Thinking back to the earliest clay tokens, the ancient Sumero-Accadian clay tablets, Hellenistic parchment, the Rosetta or the Orkhon stone inscriptions up to the printed paper books and our multimedia texts, the clay-colored digital index cards of archives zaroum reflect on all kind of writing media used in human history.
7418	Third, it ignores the fact that, as a result of Moynihan’s Guiding Principles, there has long existed de facto an official style, namely that which the architects impose on the government at any given time, all of it in the modern idiom with its desperate and egotistical search for originality as a virtue in itself.
7419	This $28 liquid liner is known for its innovative brush tip that allows for effortless, precise application.
7420	This 14k gold ring is based on the premise of a signet, meaning “small seal,” which was traditionally engraved with the wearer’s initials or family crest, and used to stamp or sign documents.
7421	This 3M mask is actually an N95 respirator mask, so you can also feel comfortable wearing one of these to the hospital, doctor’s office or on public transit, as they have a great seal, keeping particles out of your nose and mouth and keeping you from spreading them to others.
7422	This 45-minute virtual version employs traditional puppetry, folk songs and new illustrations teaching the art of Chinese calligraphy.
7423	This 48cm-tall figurine depicts a rather comical caricature of Xu Shu's mother attempting to throw an ink slab at Cao Cao, a scene from a popular Chinese historical tale.
7424	This Black Friday deal extends to an eight-pack of assorted pens to suit all needs—you not only get six different sized nibs from 0.2mm to 0.5mm but also one brush tip and one rounder, marker-like tip.
7425	This Chinese New Year, visitors who spend Dh200 or higher can also bring a personal reminder of traditional Chinese calligraphy, while shoppers who spend Dh1,000 or higher are eligible for a personalized traditional stamp.
7426	This Four Treasures of the Study report also provides the readers with detailed figures which have been used to evaluate the Four Treasures of the Study market in the historic year and its expected growth in the years to come.
7427	This Latin phrase is on the great seal of the USA, and at one time was also printed on US currency.
7428	This Store version of Python 3.7 from the Python Software Foundation can be used for running scripts, packages and using IDLE or other development environments.
7429	This Super Sharp Liner by Kate Tokyo is super soft but precise, and it allows you to fill in the spots easily for a smooth application thanks to its fine brush tip.
7430	This Sutra, written in the Square script the then formal script of the Yuan dynasty, obviously attracts interests of scholars because Mongolians used all the Buddhist terms and notions that were used in the old Mongol script when they translated Buddhist Sutras.
7431	This United States 20A Great Seal Official Mail coil stamp from 1983 has been certified as a tagging-omitted error.
7432	This United States 20¢ Great Seal Official Mail coil stamp from 1983 has been certified as a tagging-omitted error.
7433	This adds to the convenience of the item whole maintaining great sealing properties.
7434	This allows running scripts defined by the package maintainer in response to certain triggers, such as the package being built, installed, etc.
7435	This also coincided with the Pirates’ most recent run of extended success — Pittsburgh won their division three consecutive times and averaged 96 wins during the first three seasons when they wore the cursive script road uniforms.
7436	This appears to have been carried out before the Great Seal was finally presented to its new Keeper at a subsequent Privy Council meeting on Tuesday 13 September.
7437	This big, lyrical image pays tribute to a famous episode in the history of Chinese poetry, the “Literary Gathering at Lanting” convened by the calligrapher/poet Wang Xizhi at the Orchid Pavilion in 353 CE.
7438	This brush is really great for this too, because it's super pointy at the tip Is it a really dense brush tip, or is it kinda of a little bit more flexible?
7439	This brush tip eyeliner has a removal wing stencil to help achieve precise wings in a flash.
7440	This brush tip held together very well under some fairly brutal twisting and pressure.
7441	This calligraphy paper even has a slant built in, so you can make sure that all of your vertical strokes (like the tall part of an h) end up neatly parallel.
7442	This came in gold, pink and black and went down VERY well with our fake Chinese calligraphy tattoo.
7443	This can be incredibly useful for configuring your system, managing files, and even running scripts and programs.
7444	This certificate is signed by the Governor who also affixes the Great Seal of the State of Wisconsin to the certificate.
7445	This class cultivates the art of writing with Chinese calligraphy.
7446	This code also tells Hardhat that the default network to use when running scripts is the testnet Goerli.
7447	This comes after the star unveiled a new face tattoo over the weekend, which reads ‘lover’ in a cursive script under her eye, admitting she had ventured into the tattoo parlour after a wild night of partying.
7448	This could be through one-off Chinese taster days, where children are offered a carousel of activities such as Chinese calligraphy, paper cutting, tai chi or Chinese drumming alongside language lessons, or weekly language and culture clubs.
7449	This cricketing season, Peter England, the leading menswear brand from Aditya Fashion and has once again joined hands with the reigning VIVO IPL Champions (CSK) in the capacity of an official style partner.
7450	This crowd-favorite eyeliner combines a liquid brush tip with a waterproof formula for perfectly precise wings.
7451	This curated exhibition provides a concise overview of the history and culture of Chinese calligraphy as it arrived and evolved in a sinicised Nanyang.
7452	This cuticle oil pen is compact and super easy to apply — thanks to the handy brush tip, you won’t spill excess oil all over the place.
7453	This design includes the Chinese calligraphy and “rat” in the center and images of red and gold firecrackers in the upper left.
7454	This development, indeed, came as a surprise to many Nigerians as it contradicts the usual official style of dealing with such critical national issues.
7455	This didn't work – and even after rubbing the two tablets up against one another, like two dolls I was trying to make kiss, they didn't want to connect.
7456	This diminishes open dissent and tightens the reproduction and reproducibility of the official script[5].
7457	This dishwasher-safe self-locking brush holds about an ounce of your basting fluid and has a round silicone brush tip with a diameter of about 2.5 cm to evenly coat your food.
7458	This document provides statistics on the value (in USD) and size (in units) of the Four Treasures of the Study industry from 2021 to 2027.
7459	This exclusive, tapered-condition foam far better fits the contours of the brow and facial area, giving a greater seal towards dust and perspiration.
7460	This exhibition celebrates the ideals of literati painting as first formulated by Su Shi and his circle of friends, and further developed by succeeding generations of artists and calligraphers.
7461	This exhibition displays two great works of Chinese calligraphy, which is a good thing,” says the expert in Asean art history.
7462	This exhibition features 19 Chinese calligraphy works from five established calligraphers, including Wang Dongling, Sun Xiaoyun and Wang Tiande.
7463	This exhibition is to display the works of Chinese calligraphy by Tang Yu-Shiun, a well-known calligraphy master.
7464	This exhibition showcases works by painters who followed in the footsteps of the Wu school and includes works by the Ming Chinese painter, calligrapher, poet and dramatist Xu Wei (1521-93) and Qing painter Shi Tao (1642-1707), both of whom established unique artistic styles.
7465	This explains why, in 1541, he altered his official style from “Lord” to “King” of Ireland.
7466	This fashion gave birth to a variety of seal styles throughout many dynasties.
7467	This feels better than a downward stroke: keep your wrist flexible to begin with, too.
7468	This final article in our three part series on Bash automation and scripting basics will look at running scripts as a background process.
7469	This first photo shows, from left to right, the humerus of the living flightless rail on Aldabra, that of the extinct flightless rail (note the similarity of the two bones from flightless groups), and then of a fossil flying white-throated rail from Madagascar, and then a living flying rail.
7470	This font is used for both the word “News” in the 8News lockup as well as the Storm Tracker 8 logo with notably diagonal ends on the horizontal strokes found in letters such as “T” and “E” that has similarities to the typeface the ABC network frequently uses in its branding.
7471	This gold hoop earring is made of stainless steel with an 18-karat yellow gold plating, making the earring a delicately shimmering pair that features a slender gold hoop.
7472	This has been debated elsewhere, but I would argue the choice to put William McKinley in one of the roundels along with the martyred Lincoln, and by-that-date deceased Grant, means these paintings (plus the Great Seal above a currently defunct water fountain) were done after his death in the fall of 1901.
7473	This helps better spread the paint than simply using straight vertical or horizontal strokes, and reduces the likelihood of seeing lines when you're finished [source: Painting and Decorating Concourse].
7474	This highly humanistic design features mismatched weighting within each letter’s vertical and horizontal strokes.
7475	This hypoallergenic, double-ended pencil has a coloured tip at one end and an ultra-precise brush tip at the other.
7476	This includes getting comfortable with using programming languages like Python and running scripts within a Jupyter notebook, for example.
7477	This inscribed stone slab bears the same decree written in ancient Greek and both ancient Egyptian hieroglyphics and Demotic (one of a series of handwritten, cursive scripts ultimately derived from hieroglyphics).
7478	This inspired the bundle of 13 arrows held by an eagle in the Great Seal of the United States.
7479	This invert has a “small sealed tear at top left” and was included in Robert A.
7480	This involved a presentation of tea etiquette, Chinese calligraphy, music performance, and various Chinese instruments.
7481	This involves running scripts that can improve the performance of your Mac.
7482	This involves running scripts that will improve the performance of a Mac.
7483	This is a bit annoying, but it does show what a great seal you get between the group head and basket, and it's nothing you can't manage: If you do end up forgetting to remove it, just turn the machine on when you're ready for another shot, let it warm up, and it should come off easily enough.
7484	This is a fairly new open courtyard and alleyway that replaced a small sealed off cul-de-sac as part of a large redevelopment of the former Foyles bookstore.
7485	This is a real book, albeit one full of conspiracy theories, which claims to uncover secrets of the Great Seal of the United States.
7486	This is almost exactly the same as the cursive script famously used to advertise the original Macintosh in 1984 (and the original iMac in 1998).
7487	This is also used on the Great Seal of the U.S.
7488	This is an ImageQuilt surveying Chinese calligraphy, placed in a full-width figure to accomodate its girth: Here is an ImageQuilt of 47 animal sounds over and over, in a figure constrained to the main text region.
7489	This is because the current issue might be linked to Anniversary Edition's running scripts.
7490	This is commonly used because of its great seal and the fact that it does not leak.
7491	This is convenient if you need to do something on the command line, including editing configuration files or running scripts.
7492	This is especially effective in an early scene at Ragueneau's, in which a window opens in the set by Christine Jones and Amy Rubin — aptly dominated by a wall etched all over with cursive script — showing the graceful movements of the bakers as Cyrano bares his poetic soul.
7493	This is in part due to their thick proprietary rim strips that offer a great seal when seated.
7494	This is internal combustion – and that downward stroke turns the crankshaft and drives the car.
7495	This is most evident in the bedrooms, where a patchwork of hardwood floors updates ancient mosaic tiles, and in the lobby, which is adorned with a tall, slender gold vase that looks like a beautiful relic from the majestic Palazzo Borghese.
7496	This is not the first time the Great Seal of the United States has been used to attack President Trump.
7497	This is particularly useful for running scripts without needing to contaminate your Python environment, since the pyz files can be used as a shebang!
7498	This is probably Dong Qichang’s feeling of “like a fisherman entering the Taoyuan” when he read Feng Mengzhen’s “Jiangshan Xuejitu”.
7499	This is so different from the pompous official style.
7500	This is the official styleguide for Passbolt the open source password manager for teams.
7501	This is the painting that he did at Castel Gandolfo, "Anima Mundi,” a Chinese calligraphy that carries a universal message .
7502	This is three times the normal price and it commonly comes in small sealed tins with a ring-pull lid.
7503	This is what checks if our editor’s script has changed and replaces the running script if it sees an update.
7504	This is written in almost exactly the same cursive script famously used to advertise the original Macintosh in 1984 (and the original iMac in 1998).
7505	This lauded liner is designed with an incredibly precise, ultra-fine brush tip that makes mastering cat eyes a breeze, while a quick-drying, transfer-resistant formula won't fall victim to oily eyelids.
7506	This led to the then Indira Gandhi government asking the Bodos to use Devanagari as the official script, with a promise that it would be accorded an official Indian language status in the Eighth Schedule.
7507	This legislation adds a depiction of Wilbur and Orville Wright’s first piloted airplane, the Wright Flyer, to the Great Seal of the State of Ohio and to Ohio’s Coat of Arms.
7508	This lightweight brush tip from Real Techniques has the best shape for getting into the inner corners of the eyes and blending out concealer, in addition to touching up cream and liquid blushes.
7509	This liquid eyeliner is great for days when you gotta go fast,as the sponge tip (as opposed to a longer brush tip) gives you greater control.
7510	This looked at how web applications were running scripts.
7511	This luxurious tool releases a non-stick formula that helps you define and shape your brows thanks to its brush tip.
7512	This market research report has comprehensive information on the Four Treasures of the Study’s various market segments.
7513	This material not only forms a great seal around your ears, but also has a great ‘head feel’ and does not get sweaty even after extended use… or at least it didn’t with us.
7514	This maxim is most often attributed to Thomas Jefferson, but it was Benjamin Franklin who first proposed it for the Great Seal of the United States in August 1776.
7515	This may be an unusual pick for this list, but despite not dealing fire damage directly, the Great Seal lets you use a great number of Incantations that deal fire damage themselves.
7516	This may be done automatically by running scripts/publish_new_release.py from the main directory.
7517	This may go against some of your public speaking or communications class assignments, but if you’re not required to turn in an official script of your speech – don’t memorize!
7518	This means that when double-clicking a ".ps1" file, Windows 10 won't do anything, and if you try to run the script within PowerShell, you'll see the "cannot be loaded because running scripts is disabled on this system" error message.
7519	This measure applies to soaps, disinfectant sprays, hand sanitizers, sanitizing wipes, face masks, rubbing alcohol, multivitamins and Vitamin C tablets.
7520	This medium, after repeated applications and washings, leaves behind a fading shadow of ancient Chinese landscape painting in a continuation of what the Chinese artist Dong Qichang (1555-1636) called the southern literati painting tradition.
7521	This method will keep your brush tip from drying out, Luna told us.
7522	This might be a young, slender golden cypress or an Irish yew, a yellow or red-twigged dogwood, a slender, upright ornamental grass or a colourful broadleaf evergreen.
7523	This minimalist statement design says "Mixed Chick" in cursive script brush lettering.
7524	This move to formally have the local government accept Meitei Mayek as the official script for writing Meiteilon came about in 2005 in a violent manner.
7525	This numeric theme is repeated several times in the design of the Great Seal.
7526	This observation on a property in Chittering was no flash of a startled animal taking off into the bush – but the opportunity to take note of the black tips of their fore-paws and see the brush tipped tail.
7527	This oil is packaged in a unique pen style with a brush tip, requiring you to click the bottom until the tinted serum is produced from the bristles.
7528	This one might be harder to determine while shopping online, but Luna suggests finding out how much product saturates the brush tip through customer reviews and feedback.
7529	This outline, combined with the structure of different light and shade blocks, creates a smooth and free sense of integration, just like the gesture of the cursive script in Chinese calligraphy.
7530	This pack contains pens in 12 different shades and has a flexible brush tip that glides over the paper’s surface.
7531	This pack contains pens in 12 different shades and have a flexible brush tip which glides on to the surface according to you.
7532	This pen is a true brush tip, rather than a felt brush tip, giving it a bit of a learning curve compared to some other options, but once you get the hang of it, customers have been thrilled with the results saying: "The flexibility of the nib is second to none as it has bristles which freely move under your control.
7533	This photo - taken on Feb 6, 1983, at a five-foot-way near People's Park Complex in Chinatown - shows Mr Wan Seng, then a 50-year-old migrant from China, working on Chinese calligraphy written on red strips of paper which he had been selling for more than two decades.
7534	This photo shows Australian Nobel prize laureate Barry Marshall at a Chinese calligraphy desk.
7535	This phrase on the Great Seal of the United States became official in 1782.
7536	This powerful narrative is awaiting inscription upon our generation’s tablets.
7537	This practice persists, it should be said, in spite of New York State's commitment "to reflect the modern practice to avoid excessive capitalization" as stated in its official style manual.
7538	This production employs traditional Chinese puppetry, folk songs and new illustrations teaching the art of Chinese calligraphy.
7539	This production employs traditional Chinese puppetry, folk songs and new illustrations teaching the art of Chinese calligraphy.
7540	This ranges from The Great Seal of Queen Victoria, John Constable's "Stratford Mill", and a 2000-year-old iron-age fire guard that was discovered in a peat bog in 1892 to more recently a letter from Sir Winston Churchill to his old army friend, Hugo Baring.
7541	This report also analyses the impact of Coronavirus COVID-19 on the Four Treasures of the Study industry.
7542	This report also includes the overall study of the Four Treasures of the Study Market share with all its aspects influencing the growth of the market.
7543	This report is exhaustive quantitative analyses of the Four Treasures of the Study industry and provides data for making strategies to increase Four Treasures of the Study market growth and effectiveness.
7544	This report offers you an analysis of the COVID-19 impact on the Four Treasures of the Study market and will help you in strategising your business as per the new industry norms.
7545	This research report covers some extremely prominent attributes related to the Four Treasures of the Study market such as production, regional market share, price, supply and demand, size, product profit, value, capacity, and market growth rate.
7546	This romantic Gothic retreat overlooking the Usk Valley was built as a memorial by William Jones after the death of his wife, and the inscription 'was undertaken for the purpose of relieving a mind afflicted by the loss of a most excellent wife' found on a tablet inside.
7547	This rope word sign is designed with a cursive script and decorated with stars in red, beige, and blue.
7548	This section lists all running scripts.
7549	This set comes with Estee Lauder’s Double Wear Foundation, an all-in-one brush set (with interchangeable brush tips) and the Micro Essence Treatment Lotion.
7550	This set comes with eight pens, each with a different tip size or shape: 0.2mm, 0.25mm, 0.3mm, 0.35mm, 0.45mm, and 0.5mm, plus one brush tip and one graphic tip.
7551	This set features refillable markers with flexible brush tips for blending and creating variable-width strokes, as well as firm chisel tips for writing and sketching in broad strokes.
7552	This small museum began as a memorial to the men who died during the Great Sealing Disaster of 1914, which claimed 250 lives, some via shipwreck, others via exposure after being caught on the ice.
7553	This sparked many questions, some of which may now be answered after the Emmys released the official script for the episode.
7554	This starter set has two brush tips — fine and medium, and two fineliner pens —sizes 0.25 mm, 0.45 mm.
7555	This stone tablet was identified by French archaeologist Charles Simon Clermont-Ganneau as being the Temple Warning inscription.
7556	This stone tablet with inscriptions in Chinese, Persian and Tamil signals the arrival of the Chinese fleet and invokes the blessings of Buddha and the Hindu God Vishnu whom the inscription mentions as “Thenavaran Nayanar” and refers to an endowment that Zheng He, had presented to the Vishnu Devale at Devinuwara and to a Mosque.
7557	This style is very much influenced by the multicultural environment where I grew up and this motivated me to go beyond boundaries.” Almost 40% of Yap’s art collectors are non-Chinese educated art lovers who appreciate oriental art, especially Chinese calligraphy art from Japan, Singapore, Hong Kong and China.
7558	This sutra, written in the Square script the then formal script of the Yuan dynasty, obviously attracts interests of scholars because Mongolians used all the Buddhist terms and notions that were used in the old Mongol script when they translated Buddhist sutras.
7559	This table featured a small glass plate, a small ceramic cup with two glass ampoules (a small sealed vial), and a small sigillata plate.
7560	This tablet also presents inscriptions which are in a way a manual for the use of the living to send the ghosts back to the afterlife.
7561	This tablet boasts a 13-inch screen and a digital pen with different brush tips.
7562	This tablet is easy to use and won't require any scrubbing or extra work to get the necessary cleaning.
7563	This tapered brush tip is designed to make beautiful lines just the way you like them.
7564	This technique evokes Japanese and Chinese calligraphy, but Sayegh, nevertheless, adheres to the system of angles and proportions that has been practised in the Arab world for many centuries.
7565	This time around, you've offered words from the story in Chinese calligraphy.
7566	This time it was Walker, although it was more a kind of downward stroke with the brow, a cheese grater effect.
7567	This took place against a backdrop of booths set up where audience members could try their hand at Chinese calligraphy, knot tying and other crafts.
7568	This trope of the king as protector of the downtrodden appears regularly in Mesopotamian inscriptions, but the earliest known example is found on several cone tablets known as the reforms of Urukagina (r.
7569	This two-part exhibition showcasing contemporary Chinese calligraphy is on view through Dec.
7570	This unique beer stamp, with small thins and a small sealed tear, brought $56,050.
7571	This villa has some effects that belonged to the president, forced to flee into exile in 1960 - a typewriter, books, Chinese calligraphy.
7572	This was Carrie's personal directors chair from Return of the Jedi, embroidered on the back with "Star Wars The Saga Continues" and on the front with "Carrie Fisher" in white cursive script.
7573	This was a completely ridiculous example, but it’s enough to demonstrate the effect a long running script can have on your visitors when they flock in en-masse.
7574	This was followed by a 41¢ Great Seal of the United States Official Mail postal stationery envelope (Scott UO93) on May 12, 2007, and a 42¢ version (Scott UO94) on June 20, 2008.
7575	This was led by the Lord Lyon King of Arms – the monarch’s representative in Scotland – and attended by the First Minister Humza Yousaf, in his capacity as the Keeper of the Great Seal of Scotland, one of the commissioners for the safeguarding of the regalia.
7576	This wasn't a big deal for Daniel, who has a relatively large head, but Lauren, who has a smaller head, struggled to get a great seal with them.
7577	This way, the tablet will have had time to dissolve a bit and should make scrubbing the toilet bowl a breeze.
7578	This week the queens were starring in the longest running scripted show, Gay’s Anatomy, with the roles of Dr. Meredith Gay 1, Dr. Meredith Gay 2, Sandra Ohkurr, Henny, Dr. Mother Gay, Mimi Dearest and Baby Dearest.
7579	This wild cat hair will form the brush tip.
7580	This year there’ll even be new interactive stations, where you can take part in a Chinese tea ceremony, Chinese calligraphy and a red-envelope giveaway.
7581	This year's official style guide for the prestigious event stated that face masks must be worn as per Covid-19 protocols, but it is requested that these are 'of a tasteful nature and selected with the same considerations in mind as when choosing a hat, waistcoat or tie'.
7582	This year, for a stronger brand continuity, awareness and recall, the word “love” in the advertisement has been brought back and refreshed with a Chinese calligraphy style.
7583	This year, however, patrons will likely see bigger changes in the area surrounding the performance including a new trail linking the mountain to Great Seal State Park which will allow those who want to hike park at the mountain and enjoy nature before the show.
7584	This year, the Brewers Association finally named the Kentucky Common an official style of beer.
7585	This “Great Seal” was much bigger than those gracing lesser embassies.
7586	This “Legacy Moment” is the Great Seal of Alabama.
7587	This, appearing on the reverse side of the Great Seal of the United States in 1782 and on the back of the one-dollar bill since 1935.
7588	This, combined with a stele inscription, the researchers believe, indicate the emergence of new groups and a broader socio-political reorganization of peoples in the region among shifting cult rituals.
7589	This, he added, means a Chinese has not betrayed race and culture for his exquisite Jawi skill, a Malay has not betrayed race and culture because of his Bharatanatyam repertoire, or an Indian betrayed race and culture because of his mastery of Chinese calligraphy.
7590	This, said the architects, establishes an official style and therefore authoritarian or totalitarian in spirit.
7591	Thomas and DiBartolomeo Families This isn't one owner running scripts through it's affiliates.
7592	Thompson has found other production errors in recent years, including a 1983 20¢ Great Seal Official Mail coil stamp with tagging omitted that he discovered in 2016 (Scott O135b).
7593	Thompson’s discovery is the first tagging-omitted error reported for the 1983 Official Mail stamps, which were the first Official stamps to use the Great Seal design as a vignette.
7594	Thomson hand-delivered the Great Seal to Washington himself the same year.
7595	Thomson resigned as secretary of Congress in July 1789 and handed over the Great Seal, bringing an end to the Continental Congress.
7596	Thomson, who served as secretary of the Continental Congress, designed the Great Seal of the United States, or the markings you see on the back of the $1 bill.
7597	Those also need to be cleaned out periodically and a cotton swap with rubbing alcohol and a thumbtack are items we should have at home to be able to clean out our phones and tablets.
7598	Those are the words of Dr. King himself, and Green has them enshrined in cursive script, across his chest.
7599	Those bored of waiting for official statements could freshen their minds by trying their hands at Chinese calligraphy stalls set up at the media centre.
7600	Those details are complimented by black pin-striping on my review bike’s white paint, with the word “artist” in delicate cursive script atop the upper frame tube, “Chord” just below the seat and “New Urban Utopia” (the source of the company’s original name) on the fork legs.
7601	Those extra strokes attached to the end of every vertical and horizontal strokes of letters are symbols of serif fonts.
7602	Those of us now within sight of Social Security would send notes of congratulations, sympathy or thanks in a more or less readable cursive script.
7603	Those records also note that Hemphill's business card, which included an image of the Great Seal of the United States, listed a Wauwatosa address as far back as 2009.
7604	Those small seals will someday be as big as the bulls they sleep beside on the beach in August.
7605	Those who attended were also invited to take part in traditional activities such as lantern making and Chinese calligraphy writing.
7606	Those who do visit sites like Buzzards Roost or Great Seal State Park are asked not to congregate and maintain six feet of distance between themselves and others.
7607	Those will include an interactive Chinese calligraphy demonstration, a Chinese yo-yo demonstration, DIY Chinese lantern crafts and a Chinese handkerchief dance demonstration.
7608	Those words are written on Missouri's Great Seal, which Wise said is not being upheld.
7609	Those words still appear on US currency and on the great seal.
7610	Though British schools still teach joined-up cursive script, in America it’s optional, up to each individual state, and many of them don’t see the point.
7611	Though Chinese calligraphy no longer enjoys the elevated status it was once conferred, it has become an accessible form of expression.
7612	Though Ching is formally trained as a mechanical engineer, his creative side has always been stimulated by his mother, who would often do arts and crafts projects with him as a child, like origami, crochet, and Chinese calligraphy—all of which helped him to develop a lifelong love for creating things.
7613	Though Juan said he liked the style of the original logo, he said he had received complaints from customers over the years that the cursive script was difficult to read.
7614	Though already used by the United States government as a symbol in the Great Seal of the United States, the hexagram in its Jewish version was bound to be seen as a distinctive national symbol in the Middle East.
7615	Though he hasn't read an official script, the actor was given a breakdown of what's planned in the Marvel movie, with production starting in 2023.
7616	Though it was closed for renovations at the time of research, it's dedicated to the ancient art of carving the name seals (chops) that serve as personal signatures.
7617	Though not much archeological evidence is left, there are tablets and inscriptions that have lent insight into their language, culture, and way of life.
7618	Though one could argue that reality TV is scripted, the mogul will soon make a more formal scripted television debut on another long-running show that is a pillar of American media: American Horror Story.
7619	Though the Disney logo has taken on different looks over the century since its inception in 1923, a form of cursive script has been a staple of most of them.
7620	Though the cursive script is difficult to read in places, the lists include last names such as Northover, Lucei, Tainewasher, Miller, Dick, Arquette, James, Selatsee, Charley, Colfax, Peters, Olney, Hoptowit, Goudy, Sam and George.
7621	Though the focus never wavered from the dynamic duo of Carney, in his Hawaiian-ish shirt punishing his modest-sized drum kit with downward strokes and pedal kicks from his Chuck Taylors, and Auerbach, in his gas station chic attire, bending low while blasting clean and pure goodness from his tethered guitars.
7622	Though the presidential seal's precise origins are unclear, it was clearly inspired by the Great Seal.
7623	Though the proposal was rejected by Congress, Jefferson so loved the motto that he also proposed it for the great seal of Virginia and later enshrined it on his personal seal, the oldest known example of which is on the wax seal of a letter he wrote in 1790.
7624	Though with more panache than others, Kono is taking up a familiar political baton: over the past couple of years, the ruling Liberal Democratic party has made a good (though unsuccessful) show of accelerating the demise of technological throwbacks that remain in embarrassingly widespread use in an otherwise cutting-edge society — most prominently the fax machine and carved “hanko” name seals.
7625	Thousands of calligraphy-loving participants took part in the ceremony and brought home over 1,000 Spring Festival couplets.
7626	Thousands of people took part in Friday's gala, enjoying Chinese cuisine, learning paper cutting, trying to practice Chinese calligraphy, watching tea art demonstrations and appreciating performances of Chinese songs and dances, partly with Albanian singers and dancers.
7627	Thousands of terracotta tablets and inscriptions that have been preserved tell about the Sumerian government, law, business practices, and religion.
7628	Three directors have approached her and she is running scripts by Salman.
7629	Three years later, Yan Zhenqing sent a servant to the battlefield to recover the remains of his brother and nephew, only to find his nephew’s head.
7630	Thrilled to return to where it all began for me @abcnews - running scripts, covering the overnight news desk, & logging tape - never dreamt back then I’d one day join @theviewabc table.
7631	Through a pair of exhibition contests and now two regular season games, it is clear that the Lynx don’t have a bankable half-court rhythm they can get into without running scripted offense, and that’s perfectly okay at this stage.
7632	Through the program, Hawaiian immersion and Hawaiian studies students on Oahu and Molokai name seal pups after learning of their defining physical characteristics, genealogy and location of birth.
7633	Throughout its run, the show has won a total of 35 Emmys, among several other accolades, and is currently one of the longest running scripted show.
7634	Throughout the Lunar New Year celebration, Guests can find other means of fun for the whole family, including crafts, Chinese calligraphy demonstrations, as well as the Lucky Wishes Wall, where Guests can write messages of their hopes for the year ahead.
7635	Throughout the day there will be Chinese calligraphy workshops, Chinese live music performances, tai chi and wu qin xi workshops and Chinese knots and bracelets workshops.
7636	Throughout the day visitors were given the chance to try their hand at Chinese calligraphy with a range of Chinese arts and crafts for children available including mask and dragon making.
7637	Throughout the episode, one of the key elements is a Tetris-like symbol painted in white across the town – a white line with two downward strokes either end, and one upward stroke in the middle.
7638	Throughout the play, projections are used to highlight photographs that actors may hold in their hands and showcase the nuances between characters in Chinese calligraphy.
7639	Throughout these years, you have covered several topics on Chinese culture, including Chinese porcelain, Chinese calligraphy, Chinese poems and Chinese Traditional Medicine.
7640	Thus it includes, a set of four aroma diffusers, one for each season, made with ebony and crystal, a tea tool set painted in red and gold spotted Baluo lacquer, an ebony cigar box, an inkstone cigar ashtray, a tea set made using the craft of bamboo weaving, a Xuan paper kite, cashmere blankets, and a Chinese checkers set made from agate and leather.
7641	Thus, in the championship points, Vishnu with 83 points to his name sealed another championship title as after the final classification, Raghul Rangasamy scored a total of 79 points in the season.
7642	Thus, only 44 guests were able to attend in the Senate chamber where the master was.I Simon took the oath of allegiance, the oath of office of Governor-General and Commander-in-Chief of Canada, and the oath of the Guardian of the Great Seal of Canada.
7643	Tian’s stall of traditional Chinese calligraphy and painting was part of the GUM department store’s Chinese New Year’s celebrations program, a first among major department stores in Russia.
7644	Till now, the history and other details of the temples are present in temple inscriptions and stone tablets and after the implementation of the scheme, power point presentations will be showcased at the entrance of leading temples.
7645	Tips that are used in total dispensing systems include angled tips, brush tips, flexible tips, chamfered tips, tapered tips and micro-dot tips.
7646	To achieve a natural, flawless look, use the foundation with upward and downward strokes to blend in the same perfectly.
7647	To achieve the perfect brow, draw and intensify with the coloured pencil, shape with the soft brush tip to discipline your arch and then fix your brow look with the clear wax based formula.
7648	To align the business operations, the management team can utilize the actionable recommendations offered at the end of the Global Four Treasures of the Study Market report.
7649	To appear legitimate, the scammers provide a fraudulent certificate of insurance that appears to be issued by the California Department of Insurance, includes the Great Seal of the State of CA and bears the name of the borrower.
7650	To appear legitimate, the scammers provide the borrower with a certificate of insurance from the California Department of Insurance that includes the Great Seal of the State of California.
7651	To be fair, the passive isolation on these is very good, especially given the ease at which they achieve a great seal, but now every company, including Jabra, has to contend with Apple and Sony bringing a gun to a knife fight.
7652	To begin with, you will need a T-square and a small triangle ruler, which will help you draw light horizontal strokes and vertical lines on the sheet.
7653	To build credibility, HigherDose has partnered with physicians who have “pushed thousands of units of product for us and given us a great seal of approval,” Kaps said.
7654	To catch missed spots, use vertical strokes on the inside of the windows and horizontal strokes on the outside.
7655	To commemorate the Chinese Lunar New Year holiday, the team wore the bright red jerseys, which featured a stylized “fu” character — a symbol of good fortune — as well as a black Devils logo, crafted in the style of Chinese calligraphy.
7656	To complete the composition and finish off the piece, paint various dot strokes to create small leaves, moss, and flower buds here and there, where it makes sense.
7657	To contribute to the study, participants can put the tick in a small sealed bag or container and write down the date it was collected, location, travel history and host and send it in.
7658	To create a "same road, same family" culture, seminars between Chinese and Pakistani employees, the company organized a series of communication and learning activities, such as inviting Pakistani employees to learn Chinese calligraphy, sending Pakistani employees to Wuhan to participate in sports.
7659	To create a work of calligraphy, one must be equipped with four main tools – paper, brush, ink stick and ink stone.
7660	To create a “same road, same family” culture, seminars between Chinese and Pakistani employees, the company organized a series of communication and learning activities, such as inviting Pakistani employees to learn Chinese calligraphy, sending Pakistani employees to Wuhan to participate in sports.
7661	To create these pieces, he starts by applying a photosensitive coating to Xuan paper and then exposing them to sunlight.
7662	To date, the cursive scripts of the majority of tombs are clearly visible, except the cursive script of the oldest tomb which is weathered and covered in lichen.
7663	To date, the show has aired over 670 episodes, making it the longest running scripted series in primetime television.
7664	To directing the Lord Chancellor to ethics the great seal to the proclamation proclaiming His Majesty King Charles the third.
7665	To do this, we add a layer mask, grab the Brush tool and – using a soft-edged brush tip – paint with black around the edges for a smoother transition.
7666	To drive this point home, the great seal of the United States was emblazoned with the words that form the central theme of American identity: “E Pluribus Unum” -- Out of many, one.
7667	To find out dress codes for other enclosures, check out the official style guide.
7668	To finish, I brush with long, downward strokes over the entire hair shaft.
7669	To formalise the change, the 74-year-old monarch issued a new Letters Patent, a document from a British sovereign issued under the Great Seal of the Realm.
7670	To get a good sense of what the Chinese New Year is all about, don't miss the New Year Parade and Festival on January 29, which will feature the traditional dragon dance and live music, plus dozens of activities for children, from Chinese calligraphy lessons to face painting and raffles.
7671	To grant it to Edward, Charles will need to issue a new Letters Patent - a document from a sovereign issued under the Great Seal of the Realm.
7672	To grant it to Edward, Charles will need to issue a new Letters Patent - an document from a sovereign issued under the Great Seal of the Realm.
7673	To grant it to Edward, Charles will need to issue a new Letters Patent – a document from a sovereign issued under the Great Seal of the Realm.
7674	To grant it to Edward, Charles will need to issue a new Letters Patent – an document from a sovereign issued under the Great Seal of the Realm.
7675	To grant it to Edward, he would need to issue a new Letters Patent – an open document from a sovereign issued under the Great Seal of the Realm.
7676	To help keep tree roots healthy, score the earth with downward strokes of the shovel.
7677	To help support residents rid their property of brush and branch debris, the District Municipality of Muskoka will waive brush tipping fees at the Rosewarne Transfer Station in Bracebridge to aid in clean-up efforts.
7678	To help support residents rid their property of this material, the District will waive brush tipping fees at the Rosewarne Transfer Station in Bracebridge to aid in clean-up efforts.
7679	To her horror, her brother Broshi is working for Rafi, now in possession of a tablet whose inscription possibly describes the Ark’s hiding place in an Arab village called Al-Karim, once the site of a Judean settlement.
7680	To his left is a muscular old man, kneeling as he makes inscriptions on a tablet or maps, representing the old world.
7681	To imitate fine penmanship, vertical strokes are thick compared to horizontal strokes, and NW-SE diagonals are thicker than NE-SW diagonals.
7682	To keep the trajectory of the economy looking like a V, rather than just a unending downward stroke,the federal government needs to focus on the immediate crisis: skyrocketing unemployment as entire sectors of the economy face an overnight crash.
7683	To learn Chinese calligraphy a beginner can start with basics like holding a brush pen and practising major strokes from which Chinese characters are made.
7684	To make ink, the user would grind the ink stick with the ink stone (just regular mortar stone) and then they would use the brush to write on the rice paper.
7685	To make it easier for you to focus on the brush tips, I only used water in this test.
7686	To make it even more official, the Great Seal of Canada was affixed to it.
7687	To make items such as cellphones, TVs, refrigerators, tablets, laptops, and computers shine, add a few drops of rubbing alcohol to cotton and lightly rub them.
7688	To make running scripts and command line utilities easier, you’re best served storing files inside child directories within your home directory.
7689	To make the most of the tool, memorise a few shortcuts: press ] or [ to resize the brush tip, hit X to flip foreground and background colours, hold Shift and click between two points to make a straight line, and Alt-click to sample a colour from the image.
7690	To master the techniques, Sun spent much of her time painting and practicing traditional Chinese calligraphy during her college days.
7691	To me, it gives me great pleasure to go around seeing Chinese art, Chinese calligraphy and Chinese history," Jeffrey told the Global Times.Jeffrey first began working at Wellington College in England in January 1997, performing a variety of roles in teaching and administration.
7692	To my surprise, I didn’t need to use a Q-tip to clean up my normally messy lines thanks to the liner’s ultra-precise and flexible brush tip, which is made with over 1,000 vegan bristles.
7693	To practice a simple massage at home, incorporate a couple upward and downward strokes to each cheek and along your jaw and cheekbones to help drain puffiness and toxins.
7694	To prevent sagging skin, she also notes never massaging in downward strokes.
7695	To properly get a deeper understanding of the Global Four Treasures of the Study Market, this detailed report is the best choice for businesses.
7696	To really enjoy that iPad 2 experience you want to be rubbing people’s noses in it by using the camera as much as possible and one app that lets you do that is 100 Cameras in 1 recently released especially for the Apple tablet.
7697	To resize the brush tip, use the ] and [ keys.
7698	To slow the spread of the coronavirus, we selected the Great Seal State Park for the COVID-19 pandemic Memorial Grove due to its rich history and its central location.
7699	To start with, a great cork – robust and, obviously, a great seal.
7700	To stay in touch with regulars, he pens customers’ names in cursive script on each plain brown paper bag that goes out the door.
7701	To stop a running script from the CLI, use stop , followed by any of the index id , script name, the uid , or the process ID ( pid ).
7702	To that end, the Palace Museum in Beijing announced on May 22 the publication of its first two volumes of the book Yinxu Oracle Bone Inscriptions in Palace Museum Collection.
7703	To the South, in California, Athene (Minerva), the manly goddess of war, greets humans with a prominant position on the Great Seal of the State of California.
7704	To the left is a large Greek inscription from Ai Khanoum and to the right is the Rabatak Tablet found near Pul-e Khumri in 1993, covered with yet-to-be deciphered Bactrian script.
7705	To their surprise, the researchers discovered the remains of an elegant French cursive script beneath an illuminated page of a Book of Hours, or devotional text popular with lay Christians during the Middle Ages.
7706	To this day the nation’s Great Seal, displayed on the back of the $1 bill, bears an eagle with a bundle of 13 arrows in its talons.
7707	To this day, the Great Seal of the United States features an eagle holding 13 bundled arrows, a nod to Onondaga leader Canassatego, who argued in the 18th century that many arrows together are tougher to snap than just one.
7708	To understand the competitive landscape in the market, an analysis of Porters Five Forces Model for the Four Treasures of the Study market has also been included.
7709	To unveil the hidden Hebrew inscription, the tablet underwent x-ray tomographic measurements with different scanning parameters.
7710	To use, simply make downward strokes on dry skin (move in the direction of hair growth).
7711	To which he has also added that our ancestors used pieces of stone to make the first portable inscriptions and those pieces of stone are called… tablets.
7712	To work quickly, the designer would draw all the vertical strokes in one pass and then draw the horizontal and diagonal strokes in a second pass.
7713	Today the brand launches Pro Tip, a liquid-eyeliner pen with a brush tip.
7714	Today, automation has been applied to the problems of collecting data, running scripted tests, and detecting out-of-limit values.
7715	Today, though, you can settle in for a 14-hour Halloween marathon of all previous 28 “Treehouse” specials from TV’s longest running scripted series about everyone’s favorite cartoon family from Springfield, U.S.A.
7716	Today, with its popularity both at home and abroad, Xuan paper has become an important source of income for residents of the township that is home to over 200 Xuan paper manufacturers.
7717	Today’s Daily Deal, Trellick Tabletop Concrete Fire Pit, uses isopropyl (rubbing) alcohol to create a smokeless flame to give you 60-80 minutes of flame.
7718	Together they form the Great Seal of the United States.
7719	Together with Yan Zhenqing, Liu Gongquan and Zhao Mengfu, his writing was considered one of the top four in Chinese history.
7720	Together, they comprise the Great Seal of the United States.
7721	Together, they created 138 pieces of art - including oil paintings, bronze sculptures and Chinese calligraphy - to commemorate NS, which started in 1967.
7722	Toilet Bowl Cleaner Tablets The days of scrubbing a dirty toilet bowl with an even dirtier toilet scrubber are over.
7723	Toilet: Clean your toilet by adding two Alka-Seltzer tablets to the water and wait for it to stop fizzing before scrubbing it with a toilet brush.
7724	Tong Kam Tang, a fine arts professor at the Chinese University of Hong Kong, told the BBC that Yan Zhenqing is a “household name” in China.
7725	Tong said the piece of work was a draft by Yan Zhenqing, and so carried markings and scribbles written by the author, making it even more prized.
7726	Tony Evers and La Follette, with La Follette’s signature appearing alongside the great seal.
7727	Topless but for a slender gold chain about her slender neck and a slender wrist draped across her chest.
7728	Torio, who was a wrestler before graduating from Macomber High School, sees mountain biking as a sport that can last a lifetime – far beyond what he calls “stick-and-ball sports.” He recalls one of his first mountain biking forays, to Great Seal State Park in Chillicothe.
7729	Toshio Okuma (R) holds an ivory for making 'hanko' or carved name seals at his factory in Tokyo, Japan November 28, 2016.
7730	Toshio Okuma points to ivories for making 'hanko' or carved name seals at his factory in Tokyo, Japan November 28, 2016.
7731	Toshio Okuma touches ivories for making 'hanko' or carved name seals at his factory in Tokyo, Japan November 28, 2016.
7732	Touch-Up Paint: Pen Tip More common than brush tips, pen tip touch-up paint applicators are much easier to use.
7733	Touches of home hang on the interior walls, like signs with cursive script reading, “This is my happy place” or a painting of flowers.
7734	Toward the end of the film, Kurt produces a series of black-and-white paintings of photojournalism and family snapshots, blurred after the fact with horizontal strokes of a thick brush.
7735	Towards the end of last month, we asked Philly artist Reverend Michael Alan, an illustrator with more than a quarter century of experience creating murals, what it was like to work on these walls and the inventive thinking that took place before the brush tips touched the surface.
7736	Towards the end of the event, Mr Malik Mazlan, who practices Chinese calligraphy,was invited to draw 'kong' as a calligraphy.
7737	Tracey Johnston replied: “Just one Steradent tablet will remove any stubborn tea stains without scrubbing.
7738	Tradition and innovation mingle throughout Kit-Keung Kan’s breathtaking paintings of thundering waterfalls and graceful pine trees and his energetic scrolls of colorful Chinese calligraphy.
7739	Traditional Chinese Medicine and an exhibition of Chinese calligraphy and paintings were also made available.
7740	Traditional Chinese art grace the dining space, where the paintings of famous calligrapher and painter Ye Zhaoxin as well as a Chinese calligraphy about friendship lasting overseas by artist Lee Joon Chang are displayed.
7741	Traditional Chinese food, dumpling-making, dragon dance performance, Chinese calligraphy and MORE will be at this fair in Orem on Saturday from 11:30-2 p.m. at Mt. Timpanogos Bowery.
7742	Traditional art forms, too, crisscrossed now-national boundaries, and in a quintessential Louvre Abu Dhabi exploration of cultural synergies, the exhibition will showcase the connections between Chinese calligraphy, in paintings from the 15th to 17th centuries from the Musee Guimet, by artists such as Wen Zhengming, Dong Qichang and Zha Shibiao, and Arabic crafting of the Quran.
7743	Traditional decorations with Chinese calligraphy, "Fai Chun," created by calligraphy artist Raymond Siu, are displayed for sale in Hong Kong on Jan.
7744	Traditional decorations with Chinese calligraphy, "Fai Chun," featuring cute images of tigers created by artist Edith Ho, sell at HK$60 (US$7.7) each, in Hong Kong on Jan.
7745	Traditional music, Chinese calligraphy, and a Conservation Corner (where the collections team carefully clean the museum’s Chinese temple carvings) can also be enjoyed at the Gold Museum.
7746	Traditions and celebratory meals can vary from region to region, some include the thorough cleaning of one's home, watching a lion dance performance, giving red envelopes, reunion dinner with family on New Year's Eve, or putting up decorations such as paper cuttings and Fai Chun (traditional Chinese calligraphy consisting of strips of red paper with messages of good luck and prosperity).
7747	Traditions include attending big family feasts, eating dumplings and rice cakes, wearing red, and decorating the house with New Year’s greetings in Chinese calligraphy to bring good luck to the household.
7748	Trained from an early age in the practices of Chinese calligraphy, Chinese ink painting, watercolor and drawing, Wu Chi-Tsung produces a wide range of innovative work, encompassing photography, video, installation and painting, which explore perceptions of the physical and natural worlds.
7749	Trainees learn Chinese calligraphy during a Chinese culture program in Djibouti City, capital of Djibouti on Sept.
7750	Trainees practise Chinese calligraphy during a Chinese culture program in Djibouti City, capital of Djibouti on Sept.
7751	Trent Scott has been in his position for over 15 years, as one of the officers in the Ross County area where he covers places such as Great Seal State Park, Scioto Trail State Park, Tar Hollow State Forest and the Scioto River.
7752	Trump could save time if he ordered the phrase to be included on the Great Seal of the United States.
7753	Trump declares classical architecture as D.C.'s official style, new executive order requires federal buildings to be 'beautiful', nope this is not a joke tweet.
7754	Trump declares classical architecture as D.C.’s official style, new executive order requires federal buildings to be ‘beautiful’, nope this is not a joke tweet.
7755	Trump's remarks weren't part of his formal script, but rather a response to a question.
7756	Try Chinese calligraphy, word tag and dress up in traditional Chinese clothes.
7757	Try Colsen's tabletop option, which is portable and fueled by…rubbing alcohol?
7758	Try Roundfire's tabletop option, which is portable and fueled by — rubbing alcohol?
7759	Try Roundfire's tabletop option, which is portable and fueled by … rubbing alcohol?
7760	Try running script2-variables.ps1 with your short 1080p30 input file.
7761	Try your hand at Chinese calligraphy, brush painting and chopsticks.
7762	Try your hand at Chinese calligraphy, noodle pulling, decorating lucky red envelopes, using Asian cultural instruments, or making Year of the Rat masks.
7763	Trying something new here - first I used a brush tip marker and then I dropped it into the illustrator machine and this came out!
7764	Trying to refine our Quill eyeliner brush tip.
7765	Tsai's exposure to Chinese calligraphy started in an elementary school in the harbor city of Keelung, Taiwan, where it was thought to be a calming discipline for young people.
7766	Turn ordinary cursive handwriting into “faux calligraphy” by thickening downward strokes with a Crayola marker.
7767	Turning to Mustafa, he extends a small sealed envelope to him.
7768	Turns out other players are having the same crash, which is caused by the latest build of Skyrim running scripts faster than previous ones did.
7769	Twelve booths were set up and gave visitors insight into the concepts and production of visual arts through students’ works across mediums and techniques, which included shadow puppetry, branding and packaging design, Chinese calligraphy, paintings and photography.
7770	Twelve painting and calligraphy works by three ancient Songjiang artists are on display at the district's Dong Qichang Art Museum until March 15.
7771	Twelve painting and calligraphy works by three ancient Songjiang artists are on display at the district’s Dong Qichang Art Museum until March 15.
7772	Twenty-two seconds into the video, there is a shot of Chinese calligraphy in an alleyway.
7773	Twist the end of the pen to dispense paint from the brush tip.
7774	Twisting the bottom of the stick will cause the contour cream to come out of the top through the brush tip end, which she describes as "almost like a mini beauty blender." She also likes this product because the brush is fine-tipped enough that it can be used on the nose.
7775	Two Chinese calligraphy art classes will be offered for the community within the next two months.
7776	Two of the most famous dies are the solid silver dies created for the seal for stamping the Great Seal of Scotland.
7777	Two people walk past a mural painted on the wall of the former US embassy showing the Great Seal of the United States, with the eagle holding bullets and drug needles in its claws, in Tehran, Iran, November 2, 2019.
7778	Two things she added to the portrayal were the practice of Tai Chi and her own lifelong knowledge of Chinese calligraphy, the latter of which ends up playing a key role in the character’s backstory.
7779	Two vertical strokes and one horizontal — the letter H.
7780	Two wore hats that read “Make Black America Great Again.” The third wore one that said “MBAGA” in cursive script.
7781	Two young female artists created 39 paintings of mountains, rivers and birds as well as calligraphy works to showcase the beauty of traditional Chinese paintings.
7782	Two-mask tumult: The debate over one mask or two masks continues, but Peter Krouse finds one thing that most medical officials can agree on: Nothing is more important than finding a mask with a great seal.
7783	Typeface designers also employ a lot of optical tricks to make things “look right,” even if, geometrically, they’re “wrong.” Horizontal strokes are a good example.
7784	Typically by placing the release package inside the server environment and running scripts.
7785	Typically, the valve between the pump and the reservoir consists of a tiny rubber ball that rests neatly inside a small seal.
7786	Typing code line by line and running scripts is an arduous way to learn programming fundamentals, but Minecraft: Education Edition provides an intuitive and fun way to learn these cornerstone functions without the tedium of a textbook or standard Visual Basic programs like Python.
7787	Tyroe Muhafidin, who portrays Theo, exclusively told TechRadar that the show's cast also tried to get to the bottom of the Sauron mystery before they started receiving official scripts.
7788	U.N. Ambassador Henry Cabot Lodge accused the Soviets of hiding a microphone inside a wood carving of the Great Seal of the United States that had been presented to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow.
7789	U.S. Ambassador Averell Harriman was gifted a beautiful ornate carving of the Great Seal of the United States.
7790	U.S. State Department seals, the U.S. Great Seal, logos, and other official insignia may not be used or reproduced without written permission.
7791	UCA shattered the record of ‘Largest Chinese Calligraphy Event’ currently held by Teluk Intan, Perak which attracted 3,067 participants and walked into Malaysia Book of Records when they gathered 6,140 participants –the most number of participants in a Chinese calligraphy event.
7792	UKTV’s longest running scripted co-production is coming back.
7793	UNL’s Lunar New Year celebration included Asian food, Chinese calligraphy and performances from the Vietnamese Student Association, Lambda Phi Epsilon, the Pom Squad and the Immaculate Heart of Mary Church.
7794	USA is one of the few ad-supported cable networks running scripted original dramas this January (FX, Syfy and ABC Family were some of the others).
7795	Udupi: A 14th century stone tablet with Kannada inscription was unearthed at Sakkattu area of Shiriyara village in Brahmavara taluk.
7796	Ultima Air Titanium Goggle's gaskets are filled with air and are made of high-quality silicone that provides a great seal.
7797	Ultimately, it is up to Percy, as the jeep was called, to examine and select the rocks (commanded by scientists on Earth, of course), which he packs in small sealed and highly resistant tubes and then left together in a corner of Martian surface.
7798	Um Ahmed uses copper moulds to hold the muddy mix of sand and water, and engraved steel plates to stamp the holy inscriptions on the tablets after they have dried in the sun.
7799	Undated, but probably from the 1930s and signed in cursive script by that earnest young fellow, Lewis Lee Rogers.
7800	Under Jean Tong’s direction, the set is characterised by large cardboard cut outs of Chinese calligraphy and the drama is characterised by a number of strategic reveals that alternate between the familiar and the strange.
7801	Under an image of the Great Seal of the United States, Mr Trump accused the Empire State’s top prosecutor of “mak[ing] a career” of “attacking” him and his business and of being “a failed politician who has intentionally colluded with others” to “carry out this phony years-long crusade that has wasted countless taxpayer dollars.
7802	Under an image of the Great Seal of the United States, Mr Trump accused the Empire State’s top prosecutor of “mak[ing] a career” of “attacking” him and his business and of being “a failed politician who has intentionally colluded with others” to “carry out this phony years-long crusade that has wasted countless taxpayer dollars”.
7803	Under gray clouds, the color and warmth of the day came from the people gathered and the signs we held: a rainbow of printed hearts and the simple word love in cursive script, printed from a home computer.
7804	Under the Great Seal of the Realm, Her Majesty signed an elaborate notice of approval which proclaimed, in transcribed calligraphy, consent to the union of ''Our Most Dearly Beloved Grandson Prince William Arthur Philip Louis of Wales, K.G.
7805	Under the Great Seal of the Realm, the Queen signed an elaborate notice of approval which proclaimed the consent to the union of "Our Most Dearly Beloved Grandson Prince Henry Charles Albert David of Wales, K.C.V.O., and Rachel Meghan Markle".
7806	Undulating Chinese calligraphy brushes, under blue light, separate dining rooms at Meizhou Dongpo, a new upscale Sichuan restaurant at Irvine's Culver Plaza.
7807	Unfortunately the official journalists do not investigate before they write and repeat like parrots the official script.
7808	Unfortunately, even national tours rarely provide an official script for live description.
7809	Unfortunately, none of Wang Xizhi’s original handwriting has survived.
7810	Unhurried vertical strokes will avoid ‘splatter’ and should be combined with parallel movements that don’t extend beyond a comfortable reach.
7811	Unique courses offered in the Kea‘au Middle School ASAS program range from learning Chinese calligraphy and leadership training to learning about the sustainable science behind edible utensils.
7812	United Chinese Association (UCA) Sibu Division made its way into the Malaysia Book of Records for the most number of participants in a Chinese calligraphy event, with a whopping 6,140 people taking part.
7813	Unless any new discoveries are made by way of rock inscriptions, stone tablets etc.
7814	Unless they receive a formal script, the producers and the directors will not confirm the program.
7815	Unless this is actually an omen of doom and one of the great seals has been broken.
7816	Unlike Salon though, some other websites – like The Pirate Bay and CBS’s Showtime – were caught secretly running scripts to lend visitors’ computing cycles to mine crypto.
7817	Unlike a gravity-feed model, which places the reservoir above and behind the tip, a siphon-feed airbrush positions the reservoir below the brush tip, which allows artists to see over the top of the brush as they work.
7818	Unlike a lot of language training programs that use formal scripts and tiered vocabulary lessons, Voxy is built around the idea of using authentic conversations to teach language, said Katie Nielson, Voxy’s chief education officer in New York.
7819	Unlike a much-linear approach that prevails in the early Tang Dynasty, the Yan style emphasizes the strength and boldness in vertical strokes and thus, the solidity and simplicity achieved through an enclosed form of characters.
7820	Unlike executive directives, they have to be filed with the Secretary of State and are archived at the Office of the Great Seal.
7821	Unlike his earlier works which were largely influenced by Western art movements, much of Bearden’s oil paintings draw from Chinese calligraphy and ink wash techniques, which he credits to a New York City Chinatown bookstore owner whom he referred to as “Mr.
7822	Unlike the other two which are sort of humanoid, Dobot Magician is a robotic arm but one that writes traditional Chinese calligraphy.
7823	Until 1845, the provincial secretaries for Upper and Lower Canada issued Indian land patents under the province’s Great Seal.
7824	Up at the top, two full-color 12-foot diameter disks—one on each side—display the Great Seal of the Shinnecock Indian Nation, the owners of the land where this was put up.
7825	Up front, a set of optional factory-installed hoodpins are a useless but very welcome piece of flair, while the rear decklid spoiler wears “Challenger” badging in classic cursive script.
7826	Up until 2004, scholars had assumed the inscriptions on the tablet were pharmaceutical formulas, Sitwell writes.
7827	Up until his final days he wrote his daily prayer-meditations in French, in the calligraphic cursive script he learned in his Francophone youth, except for the spideriness that crept in with infirmity.
7828	Upon arrival, guests immediately encounter a long corridor with a dragon scale patterned screen and Chinese calligraphy murals mounted on weathered brick walls.
7829	Upon entering the exhibition, the first amendment is written in scarlet red cursive script on the main wall, high up, hovering over all the historical objects.
7830	Upon further inspection, Stewart gets inked with a portrait of her friend Snoop Dogg on her shoulder, complete with the words “My Dogg” in cursive script under the rapper’s portrait.
7831	Upon graduation, Patrick moved to Los Angeles and worked for a film production company, running scripts to famous actors and learning about the entertainment industry.
7832	Upon stepping into Dream About Tea, customers are welcomed by intricately painted tea sets and Chinese calligraphy books lining the walls.
7833	Upon the Cross is superimposed the Great Seal of the United States, encircled by the name of our organization.
7834	Upstairs the walls are nearly bare but for a concrete wash and frames of Chinese calligraphy.
7835	Upstream Raw Materials: The report provides analysis of key raw materials used in the global Four Treasures of the Study market, manufacturing cost structure, and the industrial chain.
7836	Urban Decay’s Perversion Waterproof Fine-Point Eye Pen features an innovative, ultra-fine brush tip that gives you the blackest black, semi-matte, deepest pigment with as precise an application as you can get.
7837	Use --no-scripts to publish without running scripts.
7838	Use a 3 inch brush and short vertical and horizontal strokes.
7839	Use a fresh spot on your cloth for each downward stroke.
7840	Use a narrow bottle brush to scrub down to the bottom of the bottle, or try these water bottle cleaning tablets, which removes stains and odors—no scrubbing required.
7841	Use a soft-edged brush tip for a gentle transition.
7842	Use a white gel pen or brush tip calligraphy pen to write a message like “Thank you,” “A Note” or “Hello” over the watercolor.
7843	Use alcohol wipes or rubbing alcohol to clean favorite toys, tablets, phones, doorknobs, and any other commonly touched household objects.
7844	Use cases for cron jobs include backing up your database and running scripts according to a specified hour, day, month, or year.
7845	Use gentle downward strokes on the neck.
7846	Use horizontal strokes on forehead, neck & chin & diagonal motions from chin to cheeks.
7847	Use it for running scripts, controlling videoconferences, as a HotKey panel, and more.
7848	Use long vertical strokes, which will appear more professional.
7849	Use long vertical strokes, which will look more professional.
7850	Use long, horizontal strokes to shape brows and fill in with short, upward strokes in the direction of hair growth.
7851	Use of built-in headless Chrome, for running the Chrome browser in a headless environment, for running scripts.
7852	Use of the Great Seal of the United States is governed by Public Law 91-651, Title 18 of the United States Code.
7853	Use paint sparingly, often slightly dabbing with your brush tip, rather than brushing the paint on in strokes.
7854	Use short downward strokes here.
7855	Use small horizontal strokes over the brow bone to lift, or hold and press upwards between the brows to release tension.
7856	Use smooth downward strokes.
7857	Use the ] and [ keys to resize the brush tip.
7858	Use the ] and [ keys to resize your brush tip as you paint, and hold Alt to subtract areas if it picks up unwanted details.
7859	Use the ] and [ keys to vary your brush tip as you paint.
7860	Use the brush tip applicator to apply, leave to set and then peel off to reveal fuller and shapely results.
7861	Use the brush tip applicator to apply, leave to set and then peel off to reveal fuller, and shapely results.
7862	Use the brush tip for coloring, shading, and blending, and the fine tip for smaller details.
7863	Use the comb side in gentle circular motions on the scalp to relieve tension, and the flat edge in long, downward strokes on the body for a stimulating massage.
7864	Use the left square bracket key on your keyboard to shrink the brush tip when required.
7865	Use the square bracket keys (] and [) to resize the brush tip until it’s slightly larger than the point you want to fix, then dab or paint over it to remove.
7866	Use the ultra-fine brush tip to lay down a shockingly precise, satin-finish black liquid liner.
7867	Use this attachment in the same way you would other steamers: Use wide horizontal strokes, and work from top to bottom.
7868	Use to publish without running scripts.
7869	Use vertical strokes on the stiles and panels and horizontal strokes on the rails.
7870	Use vertical strokes to avoid streaks and splotches, which will draw attention to whatever youre hoping to hide, says Regina Viotto, spa director at Paul Labrecque in New York City.
7871	Use vertical strokes to draw a line at an angle under the cheeks, and then blend it out.
7872	Users will now also have to enter a Captcha on Co-Win, India's Covid-19 vaccine scheduling platform, to book their vaccination slot, a move aimed at restricting some coders who were cornering slots by running scripts to automate the booking process.
7873	Using a Chinese calligraphy brush, I paint bone dry pots with under-glaze stains, which act like an ink wash or watercolors on the absorbent surface of the clay.
7874	Using a piece of artwork as your brush tip can produce some stunning results.
7875	Using a serrated knife, slice roulade cake into slices and using a flat tip, pipe strawberry oolong cream in vertical strokes on top to serve.
7876	Using a slow downward stroke, slide the knife to the hilt of the hone.
7877	Using a system of vertical and horizontal strokes of piezo ink the system would be able to recognize where on the tissue or surface we have applied pressure and act accordingly.
7878	Using a wolf-hair brush, he painted directly on the walls and slopes that he believed he’d lost, marking his domain with the art of emperors: Chinese calligraphy.
7879	Using classic Chinese calligraphy as a basis, I focus on the character’s bone structure and space.
7880	Using downward strokes, run a plastic smoothing tool ($8, The Home Depot) along the wall to remove air bubbles.
7881	Using even downward strokes, slice the skin away from the flesh and discard.
7882	Using horizontal strokes, glide tip across forehead and chin.4.
7883	Using light vertical strokes, massage from your collarbone to your jawline in quick upward motions from one side to the other for a lifting effect.
7884	Using long horizontal strokes can cause abrasions or damage gums.
7885	Using round strokes, apply the blush strategically on the high apples of the cheeks and on the tip of the nose, Taylor recommended.
7886	Using small sealable plastic bags and cutting small amounts of fresh vegetables every few days will help store the extras from the garden.
7887	Using the notched edge of the tool, follow the jawline from the centre of the chin to the ear and, from there, gently pull the tool in a downward stroke toward the collarbone.
7888	Using vertical strokes, glide the tip downward from the inner eyebrow area to the tip of the nose.
7889	Using vertical strokes, glide tip downward from inner eyebrow area to the tip of the nose.5.
7890	Usually she sticks doggedly to the official script, expressing no sentiment or opinion on even the least controversial matters.
7891	ValueHealth is leading the transition to higher quality, value-based care in the outpatient setting with a comprehensive patient-first approach that echoes the core values of Great Seal Medical Group.
7892	Valued at more than $12 million, the gift of Chinese calligraphy comes from the family of Lo Chia-Lun, a student leader in China’s 1919 May Fourth Movement who died in 1969.
7893	VanderPloeg used a digital tablet to create the cursive “postcard” inscription that appears beneath the sailboat on each stamp.
7894	Various groups affected by the global coronavirus pandemic gather to plant trees on April 30, 2021, at Ohio's dedication of a new COVID-19 Pandemic Memorial Grove at Great Seal State Park near Chillicothe, Ohio.
7895	Various groups affected by the global coronavirus pandemic gather to plant trees on April 30, 2021, at Ohio’s dedication of a COVID-19 Pandemic Memorial Grove at Great Seal State Park near Chillicothe, Ohio.
7896	Various groups affected by the global coronavirus pandemic gather to plant trees on April 30, 2021, at Ohio’s dedication of a new COVID-19 Pandemic Memorial Grove at Great Seal State Park near Chillicothe, Ohio.
7897	Various sections of the tablet contain inscriptions that recount a mythical water serpent, various unnamed gods, a mythic flood and accounts of the births, lives, and battles of ancient rulers, according to a news statement from Brandeis University in Massachusetts.
7898	Various student groups sponsored the activities, which included Chinese calligraphy writing and an event where sandals are thrown at Cuban coffee cans.
7899	Vasily and Nina Shiripa were with their daughters and two young grandsons, in two cars flying white flags and painted with the word “civilians”.
7900	Vectorization for the Gaussian and Soft-brush tips optimizes Krita by taking advantage of your processor’s ability to do similar calculations really quickly, the gif above showing the speed difference for the gaussian brush tip.
7901	Vendors write Chinese calligraphy with words of blessing on red papers for sale, ahead of the Chinese Lunar New Year, following the coronavirus disease (Covid-19) outbreak, in Hong Kong, China February 11, 2021.
7902	Vertical strokes through the flats.
7903	Very easy to use – and with great precision – thanks to its fine brush tip.
7904	Very few shops in the Dhanmondi Hawkers’ Market lifted shutters, flying white flags as a gesture of their readiness for parley.
7905	Victor Ye, the society’s secretary, was initially drawn to Chinese calligraphy for its aesthetic beauty, but ended up realising a passion for the language, literature and history of China.
7906	Vietnamese students display Chinese calligraphy during an event celebrating the 14th annual United Nations Chinese Language Day at Hanoi University in Vietnam, April 21, 2023.
7907	Viewers then watched as her dad held onto the tablet with a tweezers and began rubbing it over the iron's plate in circular motions while it was on.
7908	Viewers will recognize places like the floodwall, Buzzard's Roost, Great Seal State Park, East Main Street and more.
7909	Vince McMahon will mark the first official scripted portrayal of McMahon on-screen, alongside ‘many legendary figures of the WWE’, Variety reports.
7910	Visit the wildlife dioramas, learn Chinese calligraphy, and make a decoration that will bring good luck all year.
7911	Visiting teacher Chang Xiao Ma will teach and share traditional Chinese calligraphy.
7912	Visitors also can attend live demonstrations of Chinese calligraphy and brush painting by its instructors.
7913	Visitors are also able to feel the festive vibes by trying on traditional Chinese clothing hanfu, trying Chinese calligraphy and painting, making paper-cutting and tasting a wide variety of Chinese foods, including dumplings and spring rolls.
7914	Visitors can celebrate the beginning of the Year of the Rat with festivities including a chalk art presentation, balloon twister, dragon puppet craft station, Chinese calligraphy, lion dances, kung fu demonstration and a performance by local illusionist Joseph Tran.
7915	Visitors can practice Chinese calligraphy and peruse historic texts.
7916	Visitors can see for themselves how the workers create the ink sticks and ink slabs at the factory.
7917	Visitors can take part in workshops for lantern making, Chinese calligraphy and dragon dancing.
7918	Visitors can view more than 80 original Chinese treasures in the "Masters Painting and Calligraphy since the Ming Dynasty" exhibition – the museum's debut exhibition – including a Buddhist script that dates back to the Tang Dynasty and paintings of famous artists, such as Wen Zhengming (1470-1559), Ren Bonian (1840-1895) and Liu Haisu (1896-1994).
7919	Visitors could also try their hand at Chinese calligraphy while youngsters helped decorate a Chinese dragon head and made puppets and masks.
7920	Visitors may also try their hand at Chinese calligraphy and sign up for the nature guided walk and Istana guided tour, which allows visitors to view selected function rooms and the collections of state gifts presented to the president and prime minister.
7921	Visitors try their hand at Chinese calligraphy during a Confucius Day event hosted by the Confucius Institute at the Eotvos Lorand University (ELTE) in Budapest, Hungary on Sept.
7922	Visitors were learning how to write Chinese calligraphy.
7923	Visitors were welcomed with traditional instrumental music, warm tea and opportunities to learn about Chinese calligraphy, make their own handmade dough roosters and paper crafts from teachers from the New England Chinese Cultural Studio (NECCS).
7924	Visitors will also be able to get up close to an early charter with Mary’s Great Seal, Mary Stuart’s childhood correspondence with her mother, Mary of Guise, and a letter to the French ambassador in England written in the early days of her captivity.
7925	Visitors will also have the opportunity to try their hand at Chinese calligraphy throughout the day, with Chinese arts and crafts for children.
7926	Visitors will have the chance to try everything from Chinese calligraphy and bushcraft activities to martial arts and Bollywood dancing.
7927	Visitors will receive a Chinese calligraphy memento.
7928	Visual Studio Code users leveraging stylelint-no-unsupported-browser-features through the official stylelint extension will need to restart VSCode after making changes to their browserslist configuration file.
7929	Vitale), followed the next year by banning official scripture reading (Abingdon School Districtv Schempp), the United States of America has been more often ruled by at least five lawyers in black robes than by the government “of the people, by the people, for the people,” which our forefathers intended.
7930	Vivek Wadhwa, distinguished fellow at the Carnegie Mellon University Engineering in Silicon Valley, claimed any ‘tech-savvy person can obtain treasure troves of data from WhatsApp groups by using nothing more than an old Samsung smartphone running scripts and off-the-shelf applications’.
7931	Voters trickled into the establishment's banquet room, where the booths were in front of a stage bedecked with a red velvet curtain and Chinese calligraphy.
7932	W Magazine also opted for a beguiling cursive script font for their 2023 Best Performances Portfolio, profiling actors Jonathan Majors, Michelle Yeoh, Danielle Deadwyler, and others.
7933	WASHINGTON — If you look closely at the bottom of virtually every yard sign, postcard or door-hanger distributed by any Democratic campaign, you'll find a symbolic commitment to organized labor — a small seal certifying that it was printed by union workers.
7934	WASHINGTON, D.C., USA — The Great Seal of the United States is a symbol that represents both our country and national identity, but what if it could have been a turkey instead of a bald eagle?
7935	WHAT: Special guest Luowei Liao grew up in different parts of the Pearl River Delta region of Southern China with a passion for traditional Chinese calligraphy and world languages.
7936	WHEREAS, on March 12, 2020 the Governor signed and caused the Great Seal of the State of Tennessee to be affixed to Executive Order No.
7937	WILLIAMS: Yes, "The Simpsons." Now the longest running scripted TV show in American history, outgunning, as you just saw, "Gunsmoke," which previously held the record.
7938	WONDER WOMAN: Golden Lasso Coaster features three single seat trains in themed colors of red, gold and blue that race along a slender golden track held high by massive red supports.
7939	Wait until a drop of serum appears on the brush tip, as per package instructions, and then brush a layer of whitening serum onto every tooth.
7940	Wan Hamid (right) attempts Chinese calligraphy.
7941	Wand or brush: If you've mastered felt-tipped liquid liners, you might be ready for wand or brush tips.
7942	Wang Dongling is widely recognised as one of the greatest living practitioners of Chinese calligraphy.
7943	Wang Shuoran, who is specialised in Chinese calligraphy research and practised for more than 10 years, will deliver the course.
7944	Wang Wei’s original works are no longer available, but with the help of this copy, to explore Wang Wei’s painting environment through Wang Wei’s poetry, isn’t it just like Dong Qichang said in this picture, “like a fisherman entering the Taoyuan”?
7945	Wang Xianzhi, the youngest son of Wang Xizhi, inherited his father’s talent for the art of calligraphy.
7946	Wang Xizhi (AD 303–361), known as the "sage of Chinese calligraphy," also lived there.
7947	Wang Xizhi created a technique named yibishu, or one-stoke writing, which laces together several characters into a single stroke.
7948	Wang Xizhi is also a great calligrapher, “The Orchid Pavilion Collection” Preface” is a very good article from the calligraphy to the mind, which has been copied and passed down from generation to generation.
7949	Wang Xizhi is an esteemed ancient Chinese calligrapher who is also referred to as the Calligrapher Sage (the Sage of Calligraphy).
7950	Wang Xizhi, Lu You, Wang Yangming, Lu Xun, and Zhou Enlai are all representatives of Shaoxing's famous people in the past generations.
7951	Wang Xizhi, Lu You, Wang Yangming, Lu Xun, and Zhou Enlai are all representatives of Shaoxing’s famous people in the past generations.
7952	Wang Xizhi, known as the “Sage of Calligraphy,” was also a politician of the Eastern Jin Dynasty (AD 317-420) and a master of all forms of Chinese calligraphy — especially the running script.
7953	Wang Xizhi, the greatest calligrapher in Chinese history, had invited a group of family and friends to his Orchid Pavilion in celebration of the annual Spring Purification Festival — an occasion to welcome the long-awaited warmth of spring.
7954	Wang Youjun is another name of Wang Xizhi, a master of calligraphy described in “Chunhyangjeon” where Lee Mong-ryong dazzles in a state examination by following a calligraphic mode of Zhao Mengfu with Wang Xizhi-styled strokes.
7955	Wang pulls up the sleeve of his black T-shirt to show me another tattoo, a word written in Chinese calligraphy that looks like it has been painted onto him with a thick brush.
7956	Want more brush tips?
7957	Want to write Chinese calligraphy?
7958	Wark shared that The Bay is the official style partner of the Toronto Raptors.
7959	Warren's passions were Chinese calligraphy and watercolor painting, lion dance performances by playing the drums or enacting the lion, gardening and traveling.
7960	Wash one side of a window with horizontal strokes and the other side with vertical strokes so you can pinpoint which side of the window has a streak.
7961	Washington Square visitors will also have the chance to learn Chinese calligraphy and how to craft lantern ornaments and origami.
7962	Washington said, ‘It is a peculiar gratification to have received the communication from you.’” Thomson also co-created the Great Seal of America.
7963	Watching her sons practising Chinese calligraphy, she said this was a wonderful opportunities for the family to learn and understand Chinese culture.
7964	Watching the sequence again, the knight’s rules are crystal exactly clear: “The grail cannot pass beyond the Great Seal,” he said.
7965	Watson debuted the large words written in cursive script as she posed on the red carpet.
7966	Watson displayed the inside of her right forearm to show the feminist message of her new ink: a Time's Up tattoo in a cursive script.
7967	Watson stuck to the official script that Scotland won’t be abandoning the style of play which bore so much fruit last year but are intent on implementing it with more precision than they did at the Principality Stadium.
7968	Wave to Worthington’s ghost, for atop Sugarloaf, you’re standing in the midst of the range of hills that inspired Worthington and his political cronies to sketch out the first official “Great Seal” for the 17th state.
7969	Way back in 2021 South Park was renewed for six more seasons and 14 specials/TV movies bringing the series all the way to 2027 and up to an unprecedented 30th season for cable's longest running scripted series.
7970	We also just saw a collection of official styles go on sale from $38.
7971	We also know that the woman who gets engaged wears a very slender gold ring on her pinky finger.
7972	We also like that this wallpaper is washable, meaning you’ll be able to wipe stains and smudges off with water and a mild cleaner (though the manufacturer recommends using vertical strokes to do so).
7973	We also like the equally neat 'Royal Lace', which has fragrant white flowers and slender golden foliage.
7974	We also manufacture small seals for leak test which is widely used in the valve industry for checking the accuracy in valves.
7975	We also shared how cleaning fanatics are using dishwasher tablets to get grimy oven trays sparkling with no scrubbing.
7976	We are in a wrong kind of Malaysia: starving families are flying white flags outside their homes, seeking food and assistance.
7977	We are inspired by the ancient inscription bricks collected by Tianyi Pavilion and embossed the administrative names of Ningbo in various periods of history into seal scripts and then imprinted to the "blocks" to form an obscure but readable pattern system.
7978	We are mindful that these market forces may invariably seek to limit political and policy decisions by government,” was his official scripted reply.
7979	We are on our way to Chillicothe this afternoon to dedicate a new grove of trees at the Great Seal State Park to the victims of the COVID-19 pandemic.
7980	We believe that every upward stroke is an inhale and every downward stroke is an exhale, so breathing is involved.
7981	We believe the natural beauty is more precious than hand-carved design," said Ding Hui, a veteran craftsman who makes Nishan ink slabs.
7982	We cleaned my daughters range cooker yesterday, the first time in seven years and cannot believe how easy just damping the tablet and scrubbing has brought the oven up like new!
7983	We climb out of the chopper onto an expanse so vast that all sense of scale is lost: open, slow-rolling country in every direction, broken only by thumbprints of standing water, seeps, and streams that look like pale cursive script against the amber and crimson grasses.
7984	We collect everything from Viennese glass to found shopping lists, we educate ourselves about things as diverse as front crawl or Chinese calligraphy.
7985	We commented in the formal script that notwithstanding our missed in Q4, our internal agents improved productivity by 12% over 2019.
7986	We commented in the formal script that, notwithstanding our miss in Q4, our internal agents improved productivity by 12% over 2019.
7987	We could have a contest to help decide which fish would be most appropriate on the Great Seal.
7988	We detail the inconsistencies in the official script and the moves by President Trump to “secure” oil through military force and steal Obama’s foreign policy in the process.
7989	We do know that in 1782, the Congress of the Confederation chose red, white and blue as the colors of the new Great Seal of the United States — red for courage, white for purity and blue for vigilance and justice.
7990	We especially love its dual-ended design with a tapered brush tip that makes application a breeze.
7991	We forge ahead, embodying the motto on our Great Seal, E pluribus unum.
7992	We got a letter from the State of California, with the great seal affixed, that we were never married.
7993	We had recently begun painting our nails ourselves, and I wrote that I found it disturbing that she painted her toenails with horizontal strokes instead of vertical ones.
7994	We had to pick things up as we went, during which I learned about Chinese calligraphy.
7995	We have adopted the Letter-Join strategy for handwriting across the entire school and cursive script will be taught to everyone.
7996	We have been writing to each other on beautiful stationary, in careful cursive script, since then.
7997	We have begun to protect various PII information in our systems by running scripts in the development databases when we restore a production backup.
7998	We have completed some studies on horse sera, where we have a predictive dose of antibodies in an ampoule, which is a small sealed glass capsule containing the dosage that can be injected.
7999	We have found such inscriptions in various parts of the state," said the Yadhum Oorey Yavarum Keleer group.Through the stone tablet, it was learned that the two merchant guilds had an exclusive boomerang corps and elephant corps for their protection during travel, indicating their size and trade capacity.
8000	We have strong indications that the perpetrators of the crime are believed to be government secret service agents as a part of plan to scare off anyone wanting to join a party that challenges the official script about Rwanda and proposes alternative policies.
8001	We have zero extant inscriptions, tablets, or papyri of the Torah itself—not even fragmentary—from the second millennium.
8002	We hear, that a warrant under his majesty’s sign manual is ordered to pass the great seal of Ireland, for granting a pardon to the right hon.
8003	We hope this provides a formal script, detailing our disappointment with the recent actions of Associated Student Government.
8004	We know "Dao De Jing" originally through Chinese calligraphy.
8005	We learned about how America’s founders saw themselves as modern-day Israelites — Benjamin Franklin wanted the image on America’s Great Seal to be Moses crossing the Red Sea — and about how the country’s second founders, like Frederick Douglass, fought to make that emblem a reality.
8006	We may find that the colour is not displayed correctly and for example, stripes of colour appear around vertical strokes.
8007	We move on to the official stylebooks of the Associated Press and The News.
8008	We only know of his arms from two Great Seals, one of which bears the three lions passant-guardant (striding left but facing the observer).
8009	We plan to do another Chinese calligraphy e-book with animals.
8010	We recommend that, for the result to be perfect, you bet on a precise eyeliner, easy to use and, preferably, very fine felt or brush tips.
8011	We sincerely never genuinely believe that black colored ladies are pining for the great seal of white men acceptance.
8012	We still have more important work ahead of us, and I have no doubt that we can seize on this momentum to pass a strong, bipartisan budget that fixes the damn roads.” Senate Bill 1, sponsored by Senator Aric Nesbitt (SD-26), will be filed next week with the Office of the Great Seal and take effect at that time.
8013	We suppose that means the unofficial national motto, E pluribus unum (Latin for “Out of many, one”), won’t have to be removed from the Great Seal of the United States.
8014	We wanted to start a Ukrainian Golden Ale as an official style.
8015	We were called to Grimsby town center by Humberside Police at 3:44 this morning for a small seal outside the new Wilkin and Chapman building!
8016	We were encouraged to grind our ink stick on the stone slowly and carefully.
8017	We were lured to the London Zoo archives by the librarian’s mention of the “death books”, a remarkable set of “Registers of Death in the Menagerie.” Within these weighty volumes we found page after page of neat, looping cursive script listing the dates, names, “originating habitat”, “cause of death” and “how disposed of” for all the animals that died in the London Zoo, beginning in 1904.
8018	We will look into various optimization strategies, adding more customization, and introducing an API for only running scripts in packages that have changed and skipping others altogether.
8019	We're now running scriptworker instances against tier1 linux and android Firefox nightlies (and developer edition).
8020	We've previously seen some great seals on SIM-free phone prices on Black Friday, across Apple, Samsung, OnePlus and Google, as well as other manufacturers.
8021	We've shown you previously how to quickly create a bokeh effect, but this time we’ll show you a simple way to blur the background of a portrait before modifying a brush tip’s attributes in order to create complex and authentic-looking bokeh highlights.
8022	Weather-beaten sandstone tablets with the faded inscription: ‘KING GEORGE V’.
8023	Weeks after losing her third child with John Legend, the 'Bring the Funny' judge unveils a new cursive script inked on her wrist as she shares a photo of her and her husband holding hands.
8024	Weeks after losing her third child with John Legend, the ‘Bring the Funny’ judge unveils a new cursive script inked on her wrist as she shares a photo of her and her husband holding hands.
8025	Wei tablets), the price is 2980 yuan / box, and the purchase needs to be based on the prescription and the result of nucleic acid or antigen.
8026	Well-played, Mr. Shrive, but you failed to prepare for the Lone Gunman who just emerged from the grassy knoll and flipped the official script.
8027	Wellington citizens, including the local Chinese community were presented with the opportunity to try a variety of traditional cultural practices, such as engraving and paper cutting, Beijing Opera face painting, Gongfu tea ceremony, Spring Festival couplets calligraphy, Chinese lanterns and fortune ball making.
8028	Wen Wei Dance and the Turning Point Ensemble join forces with members of the Little Giant Chinese Chamber Orchestra for a movement and musical work inspired by a rare form of Chinese calligraphy where long, light brushstrokes are made mirroring both the grace and dexterity required for the art as well as the speed.
8029	Wendell may also send a message about the Great Seal of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
8030	Were we running scripted plays or do you think Jimbo just wanted to catch Auburn off-guard?
8031	West Regional Library hosts a class on Chinese calligraphy and painting.
8032	We’d shift the flexible headband – which has a dense, puffy cushion beneath – back and forth and play with the cups, but they pinch a little too much near the top of the cushions and never form a great seal around our ears.
8033	We’ve mentioned it before, but getting a great seal is super mega important in IEM’s not just for comfort, but for proper sound response and isolation.
8034	We’ve supplied a brush file with the project files (download here) that contains 37 ink splash brush tips.
8035	Whack-a-Mole harvests most of its data by plugging into Facebook’s API, the public-facing code that allows developers to build within Facebook, and running scripts that pull the events and groups to which various account owners belong.
8036	What Franklin did, Cook said, was write a private letter to his daughter more than a year after adoption of the great seal, which included some disparaging remarks about the eagle.
8037	What a great seal of approval from an authority such as Jack!
8038	What about the ones that resembled long, slender goldfish?
8039	What are sales volume, revenue, and price analysis of top manufacturers of Four Treasures of the Study market?
8040	What are the Four Treasures of the Study market opportunities and threats faced by the vendors in the global Four Treasures of the Study Industry?
8041	What are the growth opportunities in the global Four Treasures of the Study market?
8042	What are the new and emerging business opportunities in the Four Treasures of the Study market?
8043	What are the upcoming challenges for the key companies in the Four Treasures of the Study market?
8044	What caught my eye at Lingshan Mountain was a stone tablet bearing an inscription that Admiral Zheng He (1371–1433 CE), China’s greatest Muslim explorer, prayed at the tombs of Prophet Muhammed’s envoys before he set out on his epic seven voyages to countries near and far, all the way up to Africa.
8045	What do the signs of a script - a fish, a jar with two handles, two vertical strokes and so on - inscribed above the woman, seek to convey?
8046	What do the signs of a script — a fish, a jar with two handles, two vertical strokes and so on — inscribed above the woman, seek to convey?
8047	What greater seal of approval could she wish for?
8048	What if you can’t hold hands as you observe ancient Chinese calligraphy because you have to keep a two metre distance or because your hands are uncomfortably sticky after using sanitiser?
8049	What is allowed: Wheelchairs, strollers, walkers, canes, umbrellas, jackets, sweaters, small wallets, medication, small cameras and camcorders, cell phones, and small sealable beverage containers are permitted and subject to inspection.
8050	What is it about Chinese calligraphy that resonates with you?
8051	What is known of Marcus Venerius Secundio's life comes from a previously discovered record-keeping tablet belonging to the banker Cecilius Giocondus, as well as the inscription carved in marble on Secundio's tomb.
8052	What is known of Marcus Venerius Secundio’s life comes from a previously discovered record-keeping tablet belonging to the banker Cecilius Giocondus, as well as the inscription carved in marble on Secundio’s tomb.
8053	What makes it unique: Unlike traditional bookstores that focus on reading or writing workshops, they run introductory classes for activities like Chinese calligraphy, painting, and feng shui.
8054	What now became apparent was that the dry thick paint was pulled vertically down the canvas and as it moved over the surface it caught the weft of the canvas leaving horizontal ridges and when the vertical strokes were repeated they accumulated thicker ridges till the canvas disappeared.
8055	What official style change did French President Emmanuel Macron make recently, sparking a media storm?
8056	What readers will notice are the 100 beautiful numbers between chapters written with a traditional Chinese calligraphy brush in Mandarin by Sherman Ng.
8057	What survived included notes, and more poems, written in much shorter lines, accompanied by diagrams reminiscent of Chinese calligraphy, and a number of abstract drawings in charcoal done on standard Bureau de Poste blank postcards.
8058	What the Continental Congress did was put the bald eagle on the Great Seal of the United States in 1782.
8059	What trends, challenges and barriers will impact the development and sizing of the Global Four Treasures of the Study market?
8060	What was the size of the emerging Four Treasures of the Study market by value in 2019?
8061	What we behold is an influx of cultural upsurge featuring a coalescence of radiant hues, cursive scripts, sculptures, theatre and dance – waiting to be explored and savoured through a discerning appreciation of the arts.
8062	What will be the key business decisions to sustain growth in the Four Treasures of the Study market?
8063	What will be the size of the emerging Four Treasures of the Study market in 2026?
8064	What you can recycle: Rechargeable batteries like Nickel Cadmium, Nickel Metal Hydride, Lithium Ion, Nickel Zinc and Small Sealed Lead Acid weighing up to 11 pounds.
8065	What you need to know: This affordable color corrector comes with a brush tip for easy application and works great as a base for any under-eye concealer or foundation.
8066	What you need to know: This color corrector comes with a brush tip for easy application and works great as a base to any under-eye concealer.
8067	What you need to know: This liner’s ultrafine brush tip lets you apply the vegan, cruelty-free formula with precision.
8068	What you should consider: Because of this size, this vacuum sealer is best for infrequent use and small sealing jobs.
8069	What: Learn basics of Chinese calligraphy and receive an accelerated primer before embarking on creating your own writings of whatever you wish to write.
8070	Whatley was identified as a suspect from surveillance video that showed him with a unique tattoo of his mother’s name in cursive script, police say.
8071	What’s more, Disneytown’s Spring Festival Wishing Star Market provides a magical getaway where visitors can shop for gifts, play interactive games and take part in traditional cultural activities such as Chinese calligraphy, puppet shows and shadow plays.
8072	Wheat sheaves grace the Saskatchewan great seal, the coat of arms, the shield of arms, and the provincial flag.
8073	When Congress issued the Great Seal of the United States in 1782, which featured an eagle flying independently with a red, white, and blue shield, it defined the flag’s colors for the first time.
8074	When Eitan is confronted with unsolved murders in which Chinese calligraphy is engraved on the dead bodies, he knows he’s met his match.
8075	When I first got started with a Raspberry Pi, I would often use it to tackle some long running scripts - like the continuous monitoring of a video feed, or a small script that gathered data from the web.
8076	When I first went to the audition, we didn't have the official script that we were reading — but it was the essence of those lines that me and [casting director] Vicky Thomas were going back and forth with, and I think from that day I was just drawn to the whole project.
8077	When I saw a dentist about teeth alignment last year, she said most of her patients are pretty young, and I retorted, “I’m only 19.” In Chinese calligraphy class, Ms. Liu would make sure to patronize me every class — it’s never too late to learn!
8078	When I was small I was always in trouble for my blotchy attempts at cursive script.
8079	When I wrote my first book in 1972, I wrote each word in remarkably attractive cursive script on yellow tablets.
8080	When Kate was three months pregnant in December 2012, the Queen issued a Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the Realm.
8081	When Kate was three months pregnant with her first child in 2012, the Queen issued a Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the Realm.
8082	When King Henry VIII evicted the bishop, he gave the house to Charles Brandon, 1st Duke of Suffolk in 1536, but it became known as York House in 1556 when it was granted to the Archbishop of York, in his role as the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England.
8083	When Maine separated from Massachusetts, one of the first actions of the newly established Legislature was to decide upon the Great Seal of Maine.
8084	When Mr Trump issued a statement through his taxpayer-funded post-presidential office (complete with the Great Seal of the United States) boasting that he’d made a hole-in-one during a golf outing with PGA veteran Ernie Els, longtime observers of the 45th president may have had reason to doubt his veracity.
8085	When Nadja Van Ghelue began her journey, she was captivated by the characters and their expressiveness which led her to study the work of the old masters of Japanese and Chinese calligraphy.
8086	When Sophia came to the throne and the Regent for her younger brothers Ivan and Peter, Golitsyn’s career skyrocketed – he also became the Keeper of the Great Seal of Muscovy and the head of Foreign Affairs – in fact, Golitsyn headed the state of Moscow’s government.
8087	When Wang Xizhi came home, he looked intently at the poem on the wall for a long time, then scratched his head and sighed.”Could I have drunk too much wine that night, to have written such clumsy characters?
8088	When a designer tweeted a challenging logo they’re designing for a small French sewing business, Hoefler didn’t see an issue with the original pain point (how the E and T joined in cursive script)—but he offered several other places for possible improvement.
8089	When agents searched the vehicle, they found two red and blue nylon bags with 45 small sealed packages containing a white crystal-like substance.
8090	When asked how her Chinese calligraphy went, she laughed and said: “Banga ko magsulat og Chinese characters.
8091	When asked if he would accept the official results when the Electoral College casts its vote Monday, House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy, R-California, read verbatim from the official script that seems to be going around: “Why would I do that?
8092	When asked which episode made the most impression during the filming of incense making, Shen Yongpeng said it was Huang Tingjian’s Jiaxiang.
8093	When combing the hair, always start at the bottom and work your way to the top, combing small sections of the hair with downward strokes until all of the hair has been combed and detangled.
8094	When done properly, this provides a great seal over the window, and the air pocket created prevents condensation.
8095	When faced with challenging patient anatomy, the articulating Caiman shaft supports a perpendicular approach to vessels, resulting in up to 51% greater sealing strength compared to seals created at an angle.
8096	When faced with challenging patient anatomy, the articulating shaft supports a perpendicular approach to vessels, resulting in up to 51% greater sealing strength compared to seals created at an angle*.
8097	When first introduced, the color cancels were only available on the Postal Service’s uncacheted envelopes, though it had also marketed a four-color cacheted cover for the 2005 presidential inauguration with a multicolor cancel showing the Great Seal of the United States.
8098	When grouped together with the inkstone, inkstick, and xuan paper, these implements form what’s called the “Four Treasures of the Study,” a name used to denote the tools necessary to create ink works.
8099	When he is not working, Dr. Alper plays the recorder, and does Chinese calligraphy and cartooning in his spare time.
8100	When he was First Minster, he was also the Keeper of the Great Seal of Scotland.
8101	When he's not leading the parade, Tigger is greeting guests in Paradise Garden, where you also can watch Chinese calligraphy artists or write your own wish for the Lucky Wishes wall.
8102	When his chancellor Li Si suggested burning all books except the official history of the Qin state, Shi Huang readily agreed.
8103	When information about the tablet was first published, the famous twentieth century classicist Franz Cumont supplied two explanations for the occasion of the inscription’s making: the first was that in the waning years of the Roman republic even sacred sites likes temples and tombs were caught up in the violence and indiscriminately plundered.
8104	When inspiration strikes, budding artists can add water to the bristles on the brush tips to create watercolor paintings.
8105	When it came time to apply the lashes, though, I noticed that the liner’s brush tip (which every liner we tested has) was misshapen.
8106	When it celebrated its 50th anniversary on October 4, 2007, the show became the longest running scripted show in television history.
8107	When it comes to apparel, Dr. Biden’s official style taps a mix of well-known labels like Brandon Maxwell as well as supports smaller American brands like Jonathan Cohen and Markarian to name a few.
8108	When it comes to apparel, the first lady’s official style taps a mix of well-known labels like Brandon Maxwell and Oscar de la Renta as well as supports smaller American brands like Jonathan Cohen and Markarian to name a few.
8109	When it comes to apparel, the first lady’s official style taps a mix of well-known labels like Brandon Maxwell as well as supports smaller American brands like Jonathan Cohen and Markarian to name a few.
8110	When it comes to apparel, the first lady’s official style taps a mix of well-known labels like Maxwell and smaller American brands like Jonathan Cohen and Markarian to name a few.
8111	When it comes to black liquid eyeliner, some people like a brush tip and others prefer felt.
8112	When it comes to clothing, Dr. Biden’s official style draws on a mix of well-known brands like Brandon Maxwell and supports smaller American brands like Jonathan Cohen and Markarian to name a few.
8113	When it comes to clothing, Dr. Biden’s official style harnesses a mix of well-known brands like Brandon Maxwell and supports smaller American brands like Jonathan Cohen and Markarian, to name a few.
8114	When it comes to clothing, the first ladyThe official style draws on a mix of well-known labels like Brandon Maxwell and supports smaller American brands like Jonathan Cohen and Markarian to name a few.
8115	When it comes to the French first lady’s official style, she tends to tap Louis Vuitton for everything from clothing to shoes and accessories.
8116	When more than three virgin females immediately after the imaginal molt were kept together in a small sealed container, they tended to produce egg cases (oothecae) via parthenogenesis earlier than did isolated females, resulting in apparent synchronization of ootheca production, even among females housed in different containers.
8117	When museum staff opened a supposedly secured container holding one of their most treasured items last Friday afternoon, they discovered the Great Seal of Norfolk Island had been stolen.
8118	When ordering, you have the choice of a long or a short brush tip (we used the long tip), and Glide Bevel Tip for more precise work.
8119	When set to "1", that will do a stat on the php script for checking of last modification date We don't need this because we want to save disk access and we don't have so many updates on the running scripts.
8120	When she was nine, Lady Fuca’s family received a sudden visit from Prince Yinzhen who discovered a script she had written in the style of the great Chinese calligrapher, Liu Gongquan.
8121	When someone visits my stall I explain how the collection was inspired by my time living in China and the Chinese calligraphy course I took in Beijing.
8122	When the Communist party of Australia adopted Social Realism as its official style, Smith regarded this stance as just as bloody-minded as that of establishment figures such as JS MacDonald and Lionel Lindsay.
8123	When the Continental Congress adopted the Great Seal of the United States in 1782, depicting a bald eagle grasping 13 arrows, it's estimated there were as many as 100,000 in the country.
8124	When the Great Seal was adopted, most of those of African heritage were still enslaved, while Indigenous Americans were being massacred, their lands stolen.
8125	When the butt of your cue stick is held too high, you are stroking at a downward angle, and you will lose some draw english and it is harder to make the object ball because the cue ball is “squirting” to one side or the other during a downward stroke.
8126	When the first US Senate met in 1790, in Philadelphia, a specially commissioned Axminster, with the new country’s Great Seal, covered the floor.
8127	When the mayor opens the archives one morning it yields treasures: records of births, marriages and deaths, handwritten in cursive script and organised in leather-bound volumes, reaching back to 1733—more than half a century before the French revolution.
8128	When they’re able to celebrate the Moon Festival in person again, he’ll resume his post in a booth by the Fuzhou Ting, translating and writing out names in Chinese calligraphy for attendees.
8129	When told the officer was going to search the Outlander, the backseat passenger came clean and said he a small sealed baggie of marijuana.
8130	When trying to hit the A-spot with doggy, you’ll want to use a downward stroke, so the penis or toy is rubbing along the front wall of the vagina as opposed to the back.
8131	When twisting open the lid, we saw a wand with a very small brush tip, ideal for precision lash and brow application.
8132	When we asked Laurie Brebner of Marine & Industrial to give us a hand plugging vent leaks on Project Boat Maximus, he got to work with some Sikaflex 291, which was ideal, being a great sealant with only mild adhesive properties (you don’t want it to stick too hard or you might never get the fitting off in the future).
8133	When we enjoy Arabic or Chinese calligraphy, do we try to read what is written?
8134	When written in the elegant 'small seal' script that fostered the sharing of culture and literature across central China's warring states that were united by the Qin Dynasty more than 2,000 years ago, the character also resembles the posture of a striker poised to shoot.
8135	When written in the elegant 'small seal' script that fostered the sharing of culture and literature across central China’s warring states that were united by the Qin Dynasty more than 2,000 years ago, the character also resembles the posture of a striker poised to shoot.
8136	When written in the elegant 'small seal' script that fostered the sharing of culture and literature across the previously warring states of China under the Qin Dynasty more than 2,000 years ago, the character also resembles the posture of a striker poised to shoot.
8137	When you find the right combination of tips and wings for your ears, the Indy Fuels have a stable fit and great seal.
8138	When you look at some of the longest running scripted shows in all of American entertainment, the field is dominated by acronyms: "NCIS," "ER," "M*A*S*H*," "JAG," and "NYPD Blue" all ran for ten seasons or more.
8139	When you use a large set of presets on your Photoshop like Brush tips or patterns, it takes up a huge space in Scratch Disk.
8140	Whenever he ground an ink stick on the inkstone and wrote out his thoughts, he must have read these phrases to remind himself of the significance of his writing.
8141	Whenever possible, the news is to be given in person, at the family’s home and with a formal script.
8142	Whenever they were water-skiing, sailing or lolling nonchalantly at the controls of a Riva Aquarama, a slender gold chain and some sort of pendant nestling in a mat of chest hair were de rigueur.
8143	Where does any deviation from the official script seem to be discarded?
8144	Where the average person sees a mess of foliage, he sees art - something akin to a Jackson Pollock painting or cao shu, a rough style of Chinese calligraphy.
8145	Where the wall and ceiling come together, use downward strokes on the wall first followed by smooth horizontal strokes.
8146	Whereas Her Majesty in Council was this day pleased, in pursuance of the provisions of an Act entitled Succession to the Crown Act 2013, to declare Her Consent to a Contract of Matrimony between Prince Henry Charles Albert David of Wales, K.C.V.O., and Rachel Meghan Markle, which Consent Her Majesty has caused to be signified under the Great Seal.
8147	Whereas brush tip touch-up paint can last a while if properly sealed, pen tip applicators dry up much more quickly.
8148	Wherever there is a join between two surfaces, lead can provide a great seal.
8149	Whether anxious ex-remainers or fanatical Brexiters, all of them hope that conspicuous loyalty during the campaign will earn a friendly hearing after polling day, while public deviation from the official script risks being noted in May’s famously indelible book of grudges.
8150	Whether you are using Flyway, or a more state-based approach, it is easy to become exasperated with the task of running scripts that create or alter databases.
8151	Whether you’ve planned a rehearsal dinner celebration at a brewery or you just want to put your personality on full display, this fun collection of hand-drawn “cheers and beers” invitations are both cheeky and surprisingly elegant thanks to the use of watercolor and swirling cursive script.
8152	Which are the key factors driving the Four Treasures of the Study market?
8153	Which brought him to the subject of Chinese calligraphy, a pastime he took up in retirement.
8154	Which famously made the jaws of the workers making the watches fall off after dipping their paintbrushes in the stuff and then in their mouths to point the brush tip.
8155	Which region is expected to hold the highest market share in the Four Treasures of the Study market?
8156	While August has no royal or noble title of his own, Sienna does have an official style thanks to her father's aristocratic background.
8157	While Bodo is officially written in the Devanagri script, the language has a history of having been written in at least three different scripts — until in 1974, the Government recognised Devanagari as its official script.
8158	While I appreciate the frequency of their software updates and the functionalty of their E-Ink slab, it's always been in the back of my head that sooner or later, they might go bankrupt, taking their servers, along with my cloud data, with them.
8159	While Japan has imposed stricter rules on ivory in its original form, ivory pieces and products like ivory name seals can be traded without any obligation to prove the material's origin.
8160	While Kashmiri script is like the Urdu script (Nastaliq) and those familiar with Urdu can read Kashmiri after some effort, there is a tussle over which of these should be the official script of the language.
8161	While NOAA uses an alphanumeric to tag and identify seals, volunteers from the community often nickname seals they see on a regular basis.
8162	While Off-White designs have dressed Serena Williams on the court and PJ Tucker in the tunnel, the LVMH-backed brand is reportedly keeping it close to home by becoming the official style partner of soccer club AC Milan, the reigning champions of Italy’s Serie A.
8163	While Saina added an efficacious net game and variety in her downward strokes over the years to her stock big smash, Trupti insists that a bulk of the challenge when facing Tai Tzu is always anticipation.
8164	While Shitao and Bada Shanren, revered Ming Dynasty painters, as well as other Chinese ink painters, were important influences, he was deeply interested in innumerable other artists’ works as well, taking what he needed, as artists have done since time out of mind.
8165	While Stalin’s cursive script was a scrawl, he reserved his neatest longhand for his books.
8166	While Teigen's says "John Luna Miles" in a fine cursive script, referring to her husband and two children, Legend's reads "Chrissy Luna Miles" in the same font.
8167	While Teigen's tattoo reads, "John Luna Miles," Legend's reads, "Chrissy Luna Miles." Both tattoos are done in the same delicate, fine-line cursive script.
8168	While Vikings is the network's first official scripted series, the network has already greenlit two mini-series.
8169	While Zara dismissed the claims as lies and ‘bulls***’, the victim was able to describe a Chinese calligraphy tattoo her abuser had in an intimate area, signifying Marke’s name.
8170	While a significant amount of relics unearthed from China's Song and Yuan dynasties, the name of Sung Wong Toi Station is written in running scripts known as "Xingshu" by MTR's retired architect Abe Au Kit Tong to echo the calligraphy style that was popular during the Song dynasty.
8171	While absorbing the expressive techniques of western classic painting art, he also integrated the nutrition of traditional Chinese calligraphy and ink painting.
8172	While all of the stainless steel models we tried featured a flared out lip at the top of the pot, Cuisinart's was the flattest and thinnest, which made for a great seal for the lid and easy, spill-free pouring.
8173	While also functional, it was also a symbol of great status to the wearer, and the bag was possibly used by Sir Christopher Hatton (1540–1591), one of Elizabeth I’s Keepers of the Great Seal and Lord Chancellor between 1587 and 1591.
8174	While art and education have been the main focuses, "we have also brought Shaanxi's distinctive waist drums and traditional Chinese calligraphy and paintings overseas," Xu added.
8175	While art and education have been the main focuses, "we have also brought Shaanxi's distinctive waist drums and traditional Chinese calligraphy and paintings overseas," Xu added.Since the General Assembly of Alliance for Cultural Heritage in Asia was held in Xi'an in April, a splendid show was held at the Yongning Gate of the ancient Xi'an City Wall.
8176	While both make it fairly easy to apply lip color, some users find that a brush tip offers more precision.
8177	While calligraphy as art has existed for thousands of years, Tsai defines her unique vision as a blend of Traditional Chinese calligraphy with Western-influenced contemporary techniques.
8178	While having a “date night” with her husband, Teigen shared a photograph of the couple holding hands, revealing a new tattoo on her wrist, which featured Jack’s name written in cursive script.
8179	While in China, do not forget to visit the Forbidden City Museum to see some Four Treasures of the Study that are very old.
8180	While in my brother’s room I uncovered a hardcover lab notebook filled with the elegant cursive script that was the legacy of a colonial educational system.
8181	While in previous years there has been no official style guide for the Windsor Enclosure, except to dress for a formal occasion, now female attendees are requested to wear fascinators, like those in the rest of the enclosures.
8182	While inheriting the traditional stone carving craft, Xu has also developed over 30 original designs of Jinshan inkstone by introducing innovation into the craft, such as adding cultural elements that are unique to Juye county and designing inscriptions on inkstones with various styles of Chinese calligraphy.
8183	While it does not come with ANC, the T5 II's closed design offers great sealing against ambient noise or passive noise cancellation.
8184	While it does not come with ANC, the T5 II’s closed design offers great sealing against ambient noise or passive noise cancellation.
8185	While it is possible to run these over and over to get more high ilvl gear from end-of-dungeon drops, the only way to continue earning high ilvl Azerite armor is from the weekly chests, which are now located in your faction’s capital near the board where you decide which zone in Kul Tiras or Zandalar to pursue next—Harbormaster’s Office for the Alliance and Great Seal for the Horde.
8186	While it is true that upon completion of the Declaration of Independence in 1776, Jefferson and Franklin recommended the creation of a Great Seal for the new nation that featured an image of Moses, that recommendation was rejected by the Continental Congress.
8187	While it's unfortunate that a flying white-bearded man with his sleigh of reindeer might not be on the other end of the telescope, the December night sky will certainly not lose any of its cosmic magic in the coming days.
8188	While living in Taiwan, she took classes in Chinese calligraphy and landscapes.
8189	While many were fans of scrubbing at the shoes with a toothbrush before putting them around the wash, others said Polident tablets are the best stain removers.
8190	While many were fans of scrubbing at the shoes with a toothbrush before putting them around the wash, others said Polident tablets are the best stain removers.
8191	While most Hackers will have heard about ‘The Thing’ – a famous hack where Russian KGB agents would aim a radio transmitter at the great seal in the US embassy, almost none of us will have thought of using lasers shined in from distant locations to hack modern audio devices such as Alexa or Google Assistant.
8192	While most tablets were, in fact, used for mundane bookkeeping or scribal exercises, some of them bear inscriptions that offer unexpected insights into the minute details of and momentous events in the lives of ancient Mesopotamians.
8193	While no illegal drugs were found, officers did make note of a number of items of drug-related paraphernalia, including home-made pipes, bongs, electronic scales, burnt foil, small sealable plastic bags, grinders, bent spoons with residue and Kinder egg cases.
8194	While promoting the view that 'the soul of America' is at stake in the coming US election, a view with which Cooke might have agreed, he called in aid the motto from the great seal of America 'E Pluribus Unum', but then began critiquing the Founding Fathers for not being men fully ahead of their time.
8195	While promoting the view that ‘the soul of America’ is at stake in the coming US election, a view with which Cooke might have agreed, he called in aid the motto from the great seal of America ‘E Pluribus Unum‘, but then began critiquing the Founding Fathers for not being men fully ahead of their time.
8196	While schools would primarily host their own contests and practices like other sports, TGE has been invited to sit on Great Seal Network meetings to provide expertise, and may be looked at for additional practice space, he said.
8197	While she references Chinese calligraphy and iconography, she also depicts someone like herself reading the New York Times.
8198	While slightly intoxicated, Wang Xizhi had a sudden inspiration to write some words of wisdom as guidance for Xianzhi.
8199	While some of the tablets were covered in real inscriptions, others were nonsensical when read.
8200	While some tried their hand at traditional Chinese calligraphy, others enjoyed the biodiversity of the Istana's grounds on a guided walk conducted by the National Parks Board.
8201	While some tried their hand at traditional Chinese calligraphy, others got to enjoy the biodiversity of the Istana's grounds through a guided walk conducted by the National Parks Board.
8202	While speaking with ET on the 2022 MTV Movie & TV Awards red carpet, Ortega revealed that she had read a portion of the official script already, promising that this upcoming version of Ghostface is the scariest yet and will provide some unimaginable gore.
8203	While speaking with Live with Kelly and Ryan (via Entertainment Weekly), star Julia Stiles — who portrays Esther’s adoptive mother in the movie — revealed that while reading through the official script, the film’s surprising twist is what initially hooked her on the project and persuaded her to get involved.
8204	While standing in the mirror preparing his face with shaving cream, he turned on his stainless-steel lithium pro clippers and proceeding to a downward stroke on his cheek.
8205	While standing in the mirror preparing his face with shaving cream, turning on his stainless-steel lithium pro clippers, and proceeding to a downward stroke on his cheek.
8206	While that riddle remains to be solved, we have to this day the stone tablet with the inscription.
8207	While the Constitutional Convention was busy hammering out an acceptable constitution, Judge William Wells designed the state seal, also known as the “The Great Seal of the State of Missouri.” The seal was accepted by the General Assembly on January 11, 1822, despite Missouri having not been a state a whole year.
8208	While the State of Emergency office called the news jamming the airwaves on the mediation effort as "fake news," Ethiopia's President Sahle-work Zewde remained on the official script.
8209	While the T-handles provide a great seal, imagine waking up early in the morning—groggy and starving—to be bested by a cooler.
8210	While the TikTok user doesn’t specify which product she uses for her bottom lashes, we recommend the Collection Cosmetics Long Shot Lengthening Mascara, £3.99 here, which will not only help you achieve a lengthier lash, but also features a fan effect brush tip.
8211	While the committee’s design was never approved, the saying, E Pluribus Unum, was selected by Charles Thompson in 1782 when he created the final Great Seal with a bald eagle centerpiece.
8212	While the contact with the West provides her with other sources of stimulation, the paper-thin porcelain sculptures are inspired by Chinese calligraphy and rice paper (xuan zhi).
8213	While the courts sorted out the crisis, Fortson knew that none of the ersatz governors could sign legislation without the Great Seal.
8214	While the dating hasn't been verified and the find hasn't been published in a peer-reviewed journal yet, its discoverers think the tablet is at least 3,200 years old.That would make the inscription the earliest-known Hebrew text by several hundred years, and the first to contain the Hebrew name of God, they say.
8215	While the father was a master of all forms of Chinese calligraphy, especially xingshu (the semi-cursive script), the son’s most celebrated accomplishment is his invention of xingcao (the running-cursive script), a combination featuring both the cursive and running scripts.
8216	While the likes of Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis can expect to one day hold senior titles, such as the Prince of Wales and the Princess Royal, other great-grandchildren of the Queen will never gain an official style.
8217	While the likes of Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis can expect to one day hold senior titles, such as the Prince of Wales, The Princess Royal and perhaps The Duke of Cambridge or The Duke of York, many of the late Queen's other great-grandchildren will never gain an official style.
8218	While the likes of Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis can expect to one day hold senior titles, such as the Prince of Wales, The Princess Royal and perhaps The Duke of Cambridge or York, many of the Queen's other great-grandchildren will never gain an official style.
8219	While the makeup at last night’s Dior Resort show was light-handed, deliberately so—just a subtle sweep of Rouge Dior lipstick (in Ready) applied in a downward stroke beneath cheekbones, across eyelids, and down the bridge of the nose—there was a moment when Peter Philips thought he had overdone it.
8220	While the official script during the last-minute suspension of the scheme was that the Petroleum Bill, which specifies revenue sharing had not been passed, various timeline inconsistencies and failure to make adequate preparedness for the trucking brought down a flagship plan.
8221	While the record is fragmentary, cuneiform tablets and inscriptions have helped scholars trace Nabonidus’ unconventional career.
8222	While the script has not been deciphered yet, many of the images on the tablets match another tablet and both hold the same caption in the Indus language, with the example given showing three tablets with the image of a mountain goat and the inscription on the back reading the same letters for the three tablets.
8223	While the seal used by Trump on his letterhead appears to look like the Presidential Seal, it is, in fact, bearing the Great Seal of the United States with the addition of three stars at the bottom and text that reads, "The Office of Donald J.
8224	While the superstars are walking big-money branded billboards for the corporate world, Bland wears a dark cap with the outline of a flying white swan instead of the name of a Fortune 500 or golf equipment company.
8225	While the water tower is now incorporated into the “Great Seal of the City of Freeport,” the structure could face demolition depending on the results of an upcoming inspection and how costly repairs would be.
8226	While there are courses located at the Ohio University Chillicothe campus and at Great Seal State Park, the Yoctangee Park course stands out for its elevation variance, hillside incorporation and will serve as a way to increase traffic to certain areas of the park.
8227	While there are no official style rules that prevent you from pairing your blush dress with blush accessories, you might want to avoid that — unless you’re a bridesmaid, and the bride is having a “blush and bashful” wedding like Julia Roberts’ Shelby character in “Steel Magnolias.” If that’s the case, have fun with it.
8228	While there never was an official script, just Shooter’s treatment, he did go into detail as to what fans could have seen.
8229	While there, he unearthed a stone tablet that held inscriptions about King Solomon sending ships to the biblical land of Ophir to gather gold from his temple.
8230	While there’s currently no official script or release date for the first of the three new Star Wars films, we do know that the film follows Rey heading up a new Jedi Academy and is set to be directed by Oscar-winning filmmaker Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy.
8231	While they are a little pricey, the memory foam tips provide a great seal while sporting a unique design that prevents earwax and debris build-up, keeping your Powerbeats Pro sounding as good as the day you first put them on.
8232	While this might not be the first and probably won't be the last of the over-the-top makeup brush designs by Tarte Cosmetics — other brush sets from the brand's past collections include brush handles shaped like flamingos and pineapples, mermaid fins, unicorn horns, and star-shaped brush tips that double as a makeup stencil — this might be my favorite one yet.
8233	While this passage shows Franklin was not enthusiastic about the bald eagle on the Great Seal, it does not constitute an endorsement of a turkey in its stead.
8234	While this sounds like something that you would find in a Dan Brown novel, it simply means the four main items that were used in Chinese calligraphy and art works.
8235	While trained in the rudiments of the classical academic art, which was then the official style of the school that patterned itself after the Academy in Madrid, Rodriguez was also exposed to the ongoing debate on modern art between the classicist sculptor Tolentino and the young modernist champion, the painter Victorio Edades who had just arrived from the US.
8236	While trying to run a PowerShell script ( .ps1 file), sometimes you can get the cannot be loaded because running scripts is disabled on this system message.
8237	While under the old rules, only George would qualify to be a prince, in 2013 the Queen issued a Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the Realm, which bestowed all of William’s children with the royal title.
8238	While watching the giant pandas having fun in their outdoor yards, “Pandaversary” partygoers also had the opportunity to taste giant panda-shaped “Baozi” buns, try Chinese calligraphy, and watch lion dance performances and the world premiere of the Smithsonian Channel’s documentary “The Miracle Panda” at the zoo.
8239	While we talked, Rachel twisted a gold ring around her finger, revealing cursive script crowned with a rose: FUCK OFF.
8240	While wearing rubber gloves, dip the dishwasher tablet in the water and then start scrubbing the walls and floor of your oven — hold it flat in your palm and scrub in a circular motion, a bit like a sponge.
8241	While we’d thrown out the concept of a formal script, I did recognize that a topic like homelessness couldn’t solely be presented through that narrative of the advocates working to solve it.
8242	While you work with upward/circular strokes across the face, go with downward strokes across the neck as the fold opens from above to fully moisturise the area.
8243	While you're there, pick up a good luck Chinese calligraphy character and a Rooster Savings card for in-store discounts.
8244	White horizontal strokes sparkle amid the blue of the water.
8245	Whitehouse also chose to use the Great Seal on the Hay-Pauncefote Treaty Cup.
8246	Whiteness HP Automixx 6% is made available with a brush tip, which allows the application of a thin and homogeneous layer of gel.
8247	Who all are the key stakeholders and decision-makers in the Four Treasures of the Study market?
8248	Who can forget Marilyn Monroe's flying white dress in The Seven Year Itch, Audrey Hepburn's Ascot dress in My Fair Lady, Bond Girl Ursula Andress in a white bikini or Carrie Fisher's Princess Leia in her hooded white gown in Star Wars?
8249	Who knows, I may not even have had a formal script.
8250	Why are we not as familiar in Europe with Wang Jian or Bada Shanren as we are with Caravaggio?
8251	Why does the "Great Seal" on the Silver Eagle coin have a different arrangement for the stars above the eagle?
8252	Why is finding small seals at Beaumaris important?
8253	Why use Chinese calligraphy?
8254	Wikipedia on Wen Zhengming, in French.
8255	Wil Myers: Truth be told, the fact that Myers only has one "L" in his first name seals the deal.
8256	William's title before he married and became the Duke of Cambridge was His Royal Highness Prince William of Wales, while Harry's official style is His Royal Highness Prince Henry of Wales.
8257	Wilson flips through higher magnification lenses, then focuses on a series of tiny ridges of the frame until the remnants of their machining look like the brush strokes of Chinese calligraphy.
8258	Wilson not only painted the mural, he did the Chinese calligraphy together with his teacher, Fang.
8259	Wine, Gianmarco Tognazzi concluded, has also contributed in an essential way to creating many terms and idioms that have become famous (such as, “supercazzola”, and many more), in Ugo Tognazzi’s films, distortions that came out during convivial “joking around” evenings, talking about cinema and ideas — that then were included in the official scripts.
8260	Winnebago has great sealant guides on all their products available on the website.
8261	Winter Olympics trivia: What do Beijing 2022 pictograms inspired by Chinese calligraphy and seal carving look like?
8262	Winter Stone, shared on Instagram Monday, along with photos of Teigen and Legend's "Jack" tattoos, which were written in cursive script.
8263	With 41 "joints", UBTECH Panda Robot can perform Tai Chi, demonstrate its expertise at Chinese calligraphy as well as other traditional Chinese arts and practices.
8264	With 41 “joints”, UBTECH Panda Robot can perform Tai Chi, demonstrate its expertise at Chinese calligraphy as well as other traditional Chinese arts and practices.
8265	With Aguero’s status as an all-time great sealed, the conversations surrounding his future have faded away too.
8266	With Chinese New Year days away, Deputy Speaker of Parliament Christopher de Souza and Marine Parade GRC MP Fahmi Aliman are brushing up on their Chinese calligraphy.
8267	With Jordan’s slender golden arm resting in mine, we descended the steps and sauntered about the garden.
8268	With Manyavar being the Indian official style partner, the aim is to celebrate India and the feeling of national pride by wearing Indian outfits.
8269	With Tao Calligraphy, Master Zhi Gang Sha has combined all his knowledge of healing, ancient wisdom, traditional Chinese medicine, and Chinese culture in a form of meditation mixed with the unique ancient one-stroke form of Chinese calligraphy.
8270	With a chisel tip at one end and a brush tip at the other – with plenty of other tip size available to purchase separately – plus the option to use them as part of an airbrushing system, they're insanely versatile.
8271	With a clean, dry brush work in horizontal and vertical strokes to blend the colors, leaving some of the black base coat showing.
8272	With a custom 0.1mm tapered brush tip it's been made for comfort & extreme precision.
8273	With a disciplined approach, he has been attending Chinese class, at least once a week, to learn the Chinese language, Taichi and Chinese calligraphy.
8274	With a downward stroke of its wings, the harpy leapt into the air to avoid the attack while another harpy barreled into Kytheon.
8275	With a great seal, you cancel out external noise so you can enjoy true HiFi music.
8276	With a history of more than 1800 years, Wanzhou is also rich in culture such as the Bachu culture, the Three Gorges culture and legacies of celebrities like famous poet, Li Bai, and calligraphy master, Huang Tingjian.
8277	With a huge boulder in place in a triangular spot near the West Barnstable Congregational church, later to bear a bronze tablet with a suitable inscription, it now looks as if the Community Club has all but attained its object in erecting a striking memorial to West Barnstable men who have taken part in all American wars.
8278	With a name taken from a quip Roky had once used to describe the essence of psychedelic music – and most likely a reference to the Eye Of Providence and the Great Seal Of The United States – it was a timely reminder of the genius of a man whose brilliance was threatening to be eclipsed by the chaos of his mind.
8279	With a plan—but not a formal script—the two friends shot four hours of footage over a year, including scenes at the Bottle & Cork in Dewey Beach, the Dogfish Head Brewery treehouse in Milton, Wilmington Brew Works, Stitch House Brewery in Wilmington, Chelsea Tavern in Wilmington and the West Chester Craft Beer Festival.
8280	With a remarkable ability to instantly connect and a prodigious memory for names and faces, she touched hundreds of people with her generosity, kindness and support, with handwritten cards and notes in her perfect cursive script, and with her infectious giggle.
8281	With a set littered with second-hand items - corded telephones, wrinkled clothes and pieces of Chinese calligraphy - the ghosts of the past were palpable, and the market's closure felt like a scattering of one's precious memories to the wind.
8282	With a sharp knife, remove the top and bottom of the grapefruit to create a flat base and slice down, removing the peel in a few quick vertical strokes.
8283	With a twistable pen and soft brush tip, it only takes a minute to apply!
8284	With all due respect to @screenrant, I’ve read every @MastersOfficial script for our shows (plus wrote a few) and viewed 4 amazing animatics.
8285	With an easy brush tip applicator built-in, it can accommodate your urgent teeth whitening needs.
8286	With an educator in Chinese calligraphy, enjoy more grown-up artistic activities like ink wash painting, chun lian writing, plus entry to the NY Chinese Scholar’s Garden and warm refreshments.
8287	With an official script editor like this, players can uncover hidden secrets within the game world without creating a specific no clip camera from scratch.
8288	With both a flexible brush tip and a fine-point tip, the alcohol-based formula is non-toxic, acid free, fast-drying and blendable — plus, you get six in this $17 pack.
8289	With brush strokes often suggesting Chinese calligraphy, he moves easily between styles, usually emphatic black ink on white backgrounds.
8290	With each downward stroke, they squeezed their controller, releasing it so they could grab hold of the virtual teat again at the top.
8291	With flowing strokes, Wang expresses herself through traditional Chinese calligraphy by writing words like light, shining, going far and great.
8292	With her appearance at the Uoma Summer House Party, fans finally know that Woods' tattoo reads, "What's meant for me will never miss me," in delicate cursive script.
8293	With its fine brush tip, you can draw any line your heart desires—just switch up the angle and pressure of your hand.
8294	With its flagship store in downtown Royal Oak, the cursive script of The Dirt Label logo adorning the storefront on Washington Avenue is bold, sticking in the minds of passers-by.
8295	With its hyper easy brush tip, this liquid eyeliner delivers the smoothest glide, fitting to the shape of your eye for a thin, even line.
8296	With its origin in the Chinese character "dong" (winter), the Olympic emblem integrates the spirit of Chinese calligraphy and eastern cultural heritage with a modern, global style.
8297	With its roots in Chinese calligraphy, shodo has evolved over the centuries into a distinctly Japanese expression of culture and aesthetics.
8298	With more exchanges with calligraphers of Chinese characters over the past two years, Kurbanjan Rouzi gradually began to practice and study Chinese calligraphy.
8299	With our WinRM port, you can perform tasks such as running scripts, managing services, and configuring remote computers, all without having to be physically present.Our isharkVPN accelerator and WinRM port work together seamlessly to provide you with an unparalleled browsing experience.
8300	With precision brush tip for perfect application.
8301	With series of downward strokes, Saina has taken things in control momentarily in the final against PV Sindhu.
8302	With sessions on witches to mindfulness, soils to uplands, Chinese calligraphy to great interview techniques, there is sure to be something to catch the eye.
8303	With soft brush tips that gently detangle, smooth, and shine hair, this dry-styling brush is specifically designed to give hair the perfect finishing touch, as seen in Appleton’s Instagram video where he goes through J.Lo’s luscious locks moments before she got up on stage.
8304	With tables and figures helping analyse worldwide Global Four Treasures of the Study market trends, this research provides key statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the market.
8305	With the Chinese calligraphy inkstone as a jumping off point, Leung made simple, pure shapes out of nine different types of natural stone.
8306	With the accession of Bulgaria to the European Union on 1 January 2007, Cyrillic turned the third official script of the European Union, following the Latin and Greek scripts.
8307	With the brush tip, you can easily alter the way to add color on your image in Photoshop with the brush tool.
8308	With the foil razors we tested, a mix of vertical and horizontal strokes helped smooth out any stubborn areas.
8309	With the foil razors we tested, a mix of vertical and horizontal strokes with any of the razors we tested helped smooth out any stubborn areas with rotary models.
8310	With the help of the Vanderbilt Museum educators, visitors will visit wildlife dioramas, learn Chinese calligraphy and make a decoration that will bring good luck all year.
8311	With the included pen, I spent hours doodling random clouds and honing my Chinese calligraphy.
8312	With the lion and dragon dance performance, brought by the Malta School of Wushu-Longgui, kicking off the celebrations, hundreds of local residents and tourists were attracted by the dance performance, the martial arts performance, and experienced activities such as Chinese calligraphy and painting, lantern folding and traditional Chinese medicine services.
8313	With the movement toward change that some interests and groups are trying to impose upon the country from using different language to tearing down monuments or painting over historical murals that represent a different era, I wondered how long the Great Seal of California would survive as is.
8314	With the pickup of Season 8, which will launch in 2024, following Season 7, which will be released later this year, Big Mouth becomes the longest running scripted original series in Netflix history, outside of Kids & Family programming.
8315	With the recently added 31st season and nearly 300 hours of the world's longest running scripted primetime sitcom, today Disney+ kicked off its new "Simpsons Forever" brand campaign celebrating the forever place of everyone's favorite family in the hearts and homes of fans around the world.
8316	With the recently added 31st season and nearly 300 hours of the world’s longest running scripted primetime sitcom, today Disney+ kicked off its new “Simpsons Forever” brand campaign celebrating the forever place of everyone’s favorite family in the hearts and homes of fans around the world.
8317	With the theme of Ouyang Xun’s regular script, one of the four great masters in the early Tang Dynasty, an interactive themed installation inspired by “calligraphy and strokes” was created.
8318	With the way the official stylebook at the Associated Press is going, we'll soon get a NEW DEFINITION.
8319	With this thought, designer decided to trace the calligraphy artwork into the movement of brush tip, a primitive curve.
8320	With three sizes each of silicone eartips and soft earfins included, JBL and Under Armour did their best to all but guarantee a great seal and comfortable fit for potential buyers.
8321	With tiny corner creases at top, a small sealed tear at bottom and small thins, the stamp has very fine to extremely fine centering, Kelleher notes.
8322	With training devices at hand, like the Launch Monitor (LM), turning strokes into data.
8323	With vaccinations in arms, men’s and women’s lacrosse, rugby and soccer teams are practising daily and rowers are turning strokes on the Otonabee River.
8324	With vertical strokes that are thicker than the horizontals, an ‘O’ that’s less than a perfect circle, and shortened ascenders, it’s a beautifully legible font that works well for both text and headlines.
8325	With very few tourists here, it’s the resident guanacos (a wild camelid related to the llama) that greet us as we arrive at the Explora lodge inside the park, gathering around the property’s slender golden poplars.
8326	With veterans such Li Ying, Lou Jiahui, Zhao Lina and Ma Jun, and Tottenham Spurs star Tang Jiali all back in the team, the Steel Roses aim to go further than the third-place finish in the last two editions.
8327	With warm water and some time, a fizzy tablet dropped into a container will remove stubborn stains, odors, and residue — no scrubbing required.
8328	With white brush tip: the tip is like a paint brush and you can make the oil goes on evenly and fits underneath your nails or your lip .
8329	Within Disney+, whose leadership has greenlight authority, Strauss and Chu — a former film marketer and Iger right hand, respectively, who lack deep programming experience — have staffed up a 20-plus person content team that includes former Smokehouse Pictures co-president Sarah Shepard running scripted and former Marvel New Media executive Dan Silver heading unscripted.
8330	Within the county, there are five state parks including Great Seal State Park, Paint Creek State Park, Pike Lake State Park, Scioto Trail State Park and Tar Hollow State Park.
8331	Within these weighty volumes we found page after page of neat, looping cursive script listing the dates, names, "originating habitat", "cause of death" and "how disposed of" for all the animals that died in the London Zoo, beginning in 1904.
8332	Without lifting the roller from the wall, fill in empty spaces with vertical strokes.
8333	Without the long ascenders and descenders and condensed styles of most formal scripts, it's easier to read and will set off your text with decorative flair.
8334	Without their horizontal strokes, the 'A's have a sense of vertical thrust.
8335	Women: Huang Sijing, Li Yifan, Pan Zhenqi, Yang Liwei, Zhang Ru, Li Meng, Jin Weina, Li Yuan, Wang Siyu, Yang Hengyu, Liu Shuai, Wu Tongtong, Wang Jiaqi, Yang Shuyu, Dilana Dilixiati, Tang Ziting.
8336	Wood putty has a sticky formula and can behave as a great sealing agent, whereas wood fillers cannot.
8337	Work along in downward strokes until the window is clear.
8338	Work backwards from the end point (just outside and above the eye) with small, precise downward strokes that come back towards the outside corner of the eye.
8339	Workers at the new Thomas Eagleton Federal Courthouse unveil the Great Seal of the United States in a ceremony September 23, 1999.
8340	Workers make a huge piece of Xuan paper in Jingxian county, east China's Anhui province, Sept.
8341	Workers share cigarettes near a booth promoting Made in China with Chinese calligraphy for "China Trendy" in Beijing on Wednesday, May 8, 2019.
8342	Workers share cigarettes near a booth promoting Made in China with Chinese calligraphy for “China Trendy” in Beijing on Wednesday, May 8, 2019.
8343	Working from rubbings found in the late 19th century from a stone tablet at the tomb of Empress Wu Zetian (624-705 AD) which turned out to be parallel texts in Chinese and Kitan – a kind of Rosetta Stone - Danny Kane began to decipher the Kitan script.
8344	Working from typed-out copies transcribed from cursive script, Schulhauser has followed the recipes — which, by today’s standards, have too many steps and some unusual ingredients.
8345	Working with acrylics on canvas, Leonard uses bold horizontal and vertical strokes and strong color palettes in his new works.
8346	Working with the graphic designer Richard Bernstein, he created the stylish new Interview logo, in a flowing cursive script, which is still used today.
8347	Works created by big names such as Shen Zhou (1427-1509), Wen Zhengming (1470-1559), Wang Duo (1592-1652), Sanyu (1895-1966) and Lin Fengmian (1900-1991) appeared at the Shanghai preview.
8348	Works designated as Important Cultural Properties, such as “Anbanjo,” an ink-painting picture book of 20 drawings by the Han Chinese painter and calligrapher Bada Shanren, are also on display.
8349	Worse, you become gun-shy about creating and running scripts.
8350	Wrapped in gold, Manischewitz Crypto Gelt can be easily identified by their resemblance to real gold coins, with a stylized "M" for the company name, with vertical strokes from the dollar sign incorporated above and below to exude a visual nod to the dollar sign.
8351	Wrist-based heart rate trackers are suspect to begin with, and they become even more so when the watch doesn’t make a great seal with the user’s skin (i.e., a big watch on a small hand).
8352	Writer and calligrapher Su Shi in China’s North Song Dynasty used a funny comparison technic to prove to his cold-blooded political opponents who used to put harsh pressure on him that Su Shi was 100% innocent.
8353	Writing Chinese calligraphy is easier than you think!
8354	Writing for the Guardian in August as the Statue of Liberty furore played out, former Clinton aide and Lincoln biographer Sidney Blumenthal said: “Cuccinelli’s imposition of a Confederate great seal and his chipping at the Statue of Liberty were of a piece.
8355	Writing tablets and inscriptions recovered from Vindolanda, a Roman fort near Hadrian’s Wall, show that the soldiers stationed there hailed not just from Gaul and Spain, but also from north-west Africa and Syria, while the studies of mitochondrial DNA and dental isotopes from burials confirm that the inhabitants of Roman Britain included high-status individuals of African descent.
8356	Writing to his wife Abigail in August 1776, John Adams remarked that he, Benjamin Franklin, and Thomas Jefferson had been named to a committee to fashion a “great seal” for the new nation.
8357	Written in a running-regular script, Wang Xizhi’s “Clearing After Snowfall” is a short letter containing only 28 Chinese characters in four lines.
8358	Written in an autograph book, the inscription and signature read: "Safe Bind Safe Find does not apply to the undersigned Harry Handcuff Houdini, Huddersfield April 6th 1911 my 37th Birthday" and are accompanied by a small daguerreotype photograph of Houdini stuck to the top of the page.
8359	Written in black cursive script, the tattoo is more than just a skin-deep show of support.
8360	Written in cursive script, the tattoo reads: "Nicola when you walked down the aisle you took my breath away you look so beautiful tonight and always.
8361	Written onto the Great Seal of the United States, e pluribus unum captures the ideal that despite our differences Americans were intended to see ourselves as a single polity whose diversity would be its strength.
8362	Wu Changshuo (1844-1927) was a prominent painter, calligrapher, poet and seal artist.
8363	Wu Jingsheng shows traditional Chinese writing brushes at the tourism services exhibition area during the 2020 China International Fair for Trade in Services (CIFTIS) in Beijing, capital of China, Sept.
8364	Wyoming Secretary of State Ed Buchanan has announced the winners of his Office’s “Great Seal Contest.” Among the honorable mentions was Ana Lopez of the Moorcroft K-8.
8365	Xiang Dushou, a well-known merchant and collector during the Ming Dynasty (1368-1644), one day found his younger brother Xiang Yuanbian, a wealthy businessman and pawnbroker, was unhappy as he got a copy of Wang Xizhi’s “Yimu Tie,” which cost him a fortune.
8366	XiaoPei Dance and Kung Fu Dragon will perform, plus there will be light refreshments, lantern making for children, and a mini-workshop in Chinese calligraphy with the chance to write a spring couplet for the Lunar New Year.
8367	Xiaojiao Liu, whose work tries to bring elements of Chinese calligraphy into the sheer tactile dresses and to make digital accessories via augmented-reality filters, observed that male designers see the female body totally different from female designers.
8368	Xinghua has also been the birthplace of many of China's luminaries over the centuries, including 14th century writer Shi Nai'an, 18th century painter Zheng Banqiao, 19th century Qing Dynasty scholar-official Liu Xizai, novelist Bi Feiyu, Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macao Bridge chief architect Lin Ming and leading hematologist and Medical School of Shanghai Jiao Tong University tenured professor Wang Zhenyi.
8369	Xtreme Precision Liner, £22, a highly pigmented eyeliner with a 0.1mm tapered brush tip for effortless application.
8370	Xuan paper has a history of over 1,500 years and its craftsmanship is also listed as the intangible cultural heritage of the world.
8371	Xuan paper has many advantages like being soft yet tough, smooth but not slippery, no damage after bending, easy to absorb ink and water, anti-moth, and anti-corrosion.
8372	Xuan paper has the advantages of being soft and tough, not damaged after bending, smooth but not slippery, easily absorbing water and ink, anti-corrosion, and anti-moth.
8373	Xuan paper is a type of material used by calligraphers and painters and has been used as a significant material in Jinshi's work since the late 1980s.
8374	Xuan paper made with organic materials often suffers from degradation, yellowing and deteriorating properties during the long-term natural aging process.
8375	Xuan paper, a type of handmade paper, was originally produced in ancient China and used for both Chinese calligraphy and paintings.
8376	Xuan paper, known as one of the Four Treasures of the Study, is an important carrier for traditional Chinese calligraphy and painting art, and it is also a precious cultural heritage of the Chinese nation.
8377	Xuan paper, referred to as one of the Four Treasures of the Study, is a key carrier for traditional Chinese calligraphy and painting art, and it is also a prized cultural heritage of China.
8378	Xuan paper, traditional Chinese paper made in Jingxian County of Xuancheng City, has a history of more than 1,000 years.
8379	Xue Jian is the beloved granddaughter of Tang Manor's Tang Kun, who meets with danger when an evil cult tries to take over control of the Tang Manor.
8380	YU Shuhong from the University of Science and Technology of China (USTC) of the Chinese Academy of Sciences has discovered the microscopic mechanism of the high toughness and high strength through thorough characterization of the traditional Xuan paper.
8381	Yan Zhenqing wrote the piece in 759 AD, after he found that his nephew had died.
8382	Yan Zhenqing’s book is serious and heavy, with awe-inspiring momentum, and his character and book quality are equally important.
8383	Yan style calligraphy is an important aesthetic style in Chinese calligraphy.
8384	Yan, a Tang dynasty loyalist, is regarded as one of the greatest calligraphers in Chinese history, and composed the obituary note in honour of Yan Jiming, who was killed during the An Lushan rebellion in Hebei province in 756, along with his father – Yan Zhenqing’s cousin – and 30 other members of his family.
8385	Yao said the design included three techniques of Chinese ink wash painting – flying white, thick dark ink and applying colours to drawings.
8386	Yap has practised Chinese calligraphy for over 30 years, and he views the technique from a different perspective compared to other calligraphers.
8387	Yap, who has been studying Chinese calligraphy since she was eight years old under Kerk Won Hoo, a well-known Chinese painting and calligraphy expert in Malaysia, also believes that both the arts of khat and Chinese calligraphy would encourage the creativity of the writer or artist.
8388	Yas Mall visitors will get a taste of the true artistic Chinese culture through Chinese calligraphy and sugar painting sessions.
8389	Yaslen paired the skimpy underwear with a pale pink tube top across which the words “Baby Girl” were printed in gray cursive script.
8390	Yaslen paired the skimpy underwear with a pale pink tube top, across which the words "Baby Girl" were printed in gray cursive script.
8391	Year of the Rabbit at Sheffield City Hall Families got to try their hand at Chinese calligraphy at craft tables.
8392	Yellow legal pad sheets dangle down from the wires like translucent stalactites, just barely too high to make out what’s handwritten on them in a tidy cursive script.
8393	Yench, along with Marblehead Post Master Jeff Carter and marketer Anne Robinson, presented Dalton with a framed artwork of the stamps, which were two simple words are highlighted in gold foil with a floral design wrapped around the cursive script.
8394	Yet Moynihan’s Guiding Principles also dictate that “an official style must be avoided,” and that new buildings should reflect their time.
8395	Yet Zhang still manages to build in delicate moments of beauty, from the intricate meanings hidden in stokes of Chinese calligraphy to the small kindnesses Daiyu and those like her manage to do for one another even in the midst of their own struggles and hardships.
8396	Yet as The Telegraph was the first to report, days before the couple jetted in from California with their children Archie, aged three, and Lilibet, who turns one on Saturday, the plan was always to “stick to the official script”.
8397	Yet as the Telegraph was the first to report, days before the couple jetted in from California with their children Archie, aged 3, and Lilibet, who turns 1 on Saturday, the plan was always to "stick to the official script".
8398	Yet the 45th President decided to dump the Great Seal of the United States.
8399	Yet the Great Seal also had a hidden audio recorder that allowed Soviet spies to eavesdrop on high-level conversations in the embassy.
8400	Yet we get repeatedly bogged down in the minutiae of copying files, running scripts and so on.
8401	Yet, most historians view that version as apocryphal: Washington had no input into the design of the Great Seal, and the original design specification for the Great Seal included no instructions about how the constellation of 13 stars on the obverse side should be arranged.
8402	Yet, the thinking is that if all Malaysians already embrace Malay as the nation’s language should they also have to study the cultural rather than functional components of it, like the underutilised former official script?
8403	You are welcome to stop by the Chinese table between 11:30 am to 1:00 pm on April 4th between the library and the SUB to have free temporary Chinese tattoo and have your name written in Chinese calligraphy.
8404	You brush the water on the surface and your marks at first appear black as ink—think Chinese calligraphy—and then, slowly, those marks disappear.
8405	You can also create your own brush tips or import existing brush tips from GIMP, Adobe, and SVG files.
8406	You can also learn about the Chinese vegetables grown at the garden during a Lunar New Year celebration from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. The celebration will feature a talk about the new year tradition, unique items for sale, a Chinese calligraphy demonstration table and more.
8407	You can also use it on your neck (downward strokes to direct toxins away from the face) and on your eyelids.
8408	You can also use the water and rubbing alcohol solution with a microfiber cloth wrung almost dry to wipe keyboards, TV remotes, tablets, and cell phones followed by a dry cloth to remove any remaining moisture.
8409	You can argue that that's a natural drawback when real quality is present, but it is something to be aware of, and the ratchet doesn't have a great seal on the internals.
8410	You can change the size of the brush tip, the sharpness of the line, the smoothness of your control, pressure, and many other attributes in the Freehand Drawing tab of the Tool Options panel on the right.
8411	You can choose any of the five scripts, which include formal character, running script, cursive script, official script and seal script.
8412	You can easily remove the two brush tips to remove hair which ends up at the two ends of the brush.
8413	You can easily wear the same slender gold yellow chain for a casual day out or an evening party.
8414	You can either use the brush tip to apply the product directly to the roots, or smooth it onto the rest of your hair with your hands.
8415	You can enjoy the saving in Wetherspoons across the county including, The Last Plantagenet, Lord Keeper of the Great Seal and The White House.
8416	You can even buy the brush tips separately which can result in even more life for your most used colors.
8417	You can even rub some on brush tips to reshape their points for smoother strokes.
8418	You can find a formal script here.
8419	You can go with the classic monogram in a variety of eye-catching styles, or spell out an entire name in a cursive script.
8420	You can grab a second tablet if you need, or alternatively use a damp microfiber cloth to continue scrubbing the remains into the walls of your oven.
8421	You can increase the flow of the brush by first selecting the brush tool.
8422	You can learn about Lunar New Year traditions, explore Chinese calligraphy, strike a pose in the photo booth, create your own lantern and more.
8423	You can look forward to a wide range of family-friendly traditional Chinese arts performances and activities like lantern-making workshops, traditional puppet performances, Cantonese opera, Chinese calligraphy classes, and more.
8424	You can make the furniture appear to be cloth by making vertical strikes first, then going over them with horizontal strokes.
8425	You can now create animated brush tips that select brush along multiple dimensions.
8426	You can peruse the official style manual yourself, if that’s how you like you spend your afternoons.
8427	You can read more about the North Dakota Great Seal here.
8428	You can sort images - which include paintings from Monet, Van Gogh, Degas and Picasso, as well as Greek sculpture, and Chinese calligraphy - by artist, medium, location, and era.
8429	You can stack the ghostform counter effect with Valor of the Worthy, generating two flying white spirit tokens!
8430	You can tell if your bottles are legit by a small seal on the bottle.
8431	You can try out such a combination by yourself – think over a set of those things that are typical for official style and casual style, for example, for pants of strict cut, and try to put on a coat with a hoodie and sneakers.
8432	You can use this up to twice a week on your face and neck, and one of my favourite features is the brush tip for easy application.
8433	You click the back of the pen to dispense a hydrogen peroxide gel and apply it to teeth using the brush tip.
8434	You could try your hand at Chinese calligraphy by making your own with red paper and black ink or paint.
8435	You don’t have to be Roman Catholic to have your breath taken away by Fra Angelico’s gentle frescoes depicting saints in the Dominican Convent of San Marco in Florence, Italy, nor a Buddhist to experience the contemplative journey of enlightenment through a 16th century landscape painting by Chinese master Dong Qichang.
8436	You don’t have to write a formal script or create a detailed storyboard before you start shooting a video, but to save time and have an effective final product, you need to have a plan.
8437	You don’t need a formal script, and you definitely don’t need an ultimatum at this stage, either, at least not when it comes to interior design.
8438	You don’t need to write a formal script.
8439	You fill them with your own paint, so it matches the wall exactly, and the brush tip makes it easy to apply.
8440	You get dual brush tips with these pens – a flexible and versatile nylon brush tip on one end for drawing medium or bold lines, and a fine tip on the other end for writing or drawing straight, smooth lines.
8441	You get nine nibs from 0.2 to 1.0 millimeter—that’s two sizes more than Sakura’s set—as well as a pen with a brush tip.
8442	You get only three different sizes of silicone eartips to experiment with but I have had no real issues getting a great seal.
8443	You get the black markers with 005, 05, 03, 08, brush, and chisel tips, while the sepia markers come with 005 fine and brush tips.
8444	You have 10 years of experience in traditional Chinese calligraphy.
8445	You just enter a small sealed-off arena, kill all the enemies in it – most of which spawn in without warning or just stand around listlessly until you attack them – and then move on to do the same again and again, as on your way to the next arena you traipse through linear corridors filled with silly-looking traps and absolutely nothing approaching an interesting idea.
8446	You know it will hold,” John “Vertical” Gibson said on a recent weekday on Big Mountain, where his board’s cursive script adorns the fall lines of ski runs on a daily basis.
8447	You likely remember the horizontal lines on the chalkboard in your 2nd grade classroom that held up the cursive script your teacher so carefully chalked above it.
8448	You may decide to purchase a new cremated remains plot at the crematorium and have a memorial tablet with an inscription so that you have somewhere to visit afterwards.
8449	You may recognize it from the phrase “Novus Ordo Seclorum” (“A New Order of the Ages”), which appears on the Great Seal of the United States and on American currency.
8450	You may well be doing extra-vigilant hand-washing at the moment, but chances are you’re not scrubbing your digits every single time before you pick up your tablet.
8451	You might think the small seal- and caribou-skin parkas hung in the entrance hall of the Nunavut legislature this month belong to an earlier time—but they were actually worn by the children of Iqaluit resident Matty McNair, who curated the legislature’s new Inuit parka exhibit.
8452	You need to apply the powder with gentle horizontal strokes to the areas.
8453	You notice the stone embedded in the wall has a Hebrew inscription from Psalm 32: “Many are the sorrows of the wicked, but he who trusts in the Lord, loving kindness shall surround him.” The tablet high up on the wall commemorates the deportations of 1943.
8454	You will also be able to spot lion dance troupe’s drum and artists donning traditional attires while they try their hands at Chinese calligraphy.
8455	You will also enjoy an intimate, multi-course dinner, be treated to a classical Chinese concert, and take a Chinese calligraphy class while you’re there.
8456	You will buy Chinese calligraphy for its authenticity and outstanding beauty.
8457	You will find the available purchasing options set by the seller for the domain name seal.sa.com on the right side of this page.
8458	You will find the available purchasing options set by the seller for the domain name sealabs.eu on the right side of this page.
8459	You will find the available purchasing options set by the seller for the domain name sealabs.xyz on the right side of this page.
8460	You will find the available purchasing options set by the seller for the domain name sealaskafishing.com on the right side of this page.
8461	You will find the available purchasing options set by the seller for the domain name sealebaptistyouth.org on the right side of this page.
8462	You will find the available purchasing options set by the seller for the domain name sealed.sa.com on the right side of this page.
8463	You will find the available purchasing options set by the seller for the domain name sealevelbnb.com on the right side of this page.
8464	You will find the available purchasing options set by the seller for the domain name sealevels.eu on the right side of this page.
8465	You will find the available purchasing options set by the seller for the domain name sealevelscience.org on the right side of this page.
8466	You will find the available purchasing options set by the seller for the domain name sealex.de on the right side of this page.
8467	You will find the available purchasing options set by the seller for the domain name sealfast.de on the right side of this page.
8468	You will find the available purchasing options set by the seller for the domain name sealfresh.de on the right side of this page.
8469	You will find the available purchasing options set by the seller for the domain name seall.de on the right side of this page.
8470	You will find the available purchasing options set by the seller for the domain name sealthatfood.com on the right side of this page.
8471	You will gain a more insightful look into the Four Treasures of the Study market and its competitive landscape as some key players operate only in a particular segment and not the market as a whole.
8472	You will never see a chief of state appear at a podium bearing the great seal of a rock pigeon clutching a scroll of universal truths in its right foot, and a Hostess Ho Ho wrapper in the other.
8473	You will study Chinese poetry and its relation to Chinese calligraphy.
8474	You won’t find the great seal of the state of Minnesota letterhead at the top of my letter to the editor.
8475	You'll also learn how to add mood and atmosphere to the scene by creating layers of swirling mist with the help of custom brush tips.
8476	You'll also need to be comfortable with running commands in the terminal, such as navigating between directories and running scripts.
8477	You'll get to enjoy even more Lunar New Year celebrations with family-friendly fun including crafts, Chinese calligraphy demonstrations and the Lucky Wishes Wall, where guests can share their hopes for the future/year ahead.
8478	You'll have the chance to learn about the tradition of Lunar New Year, shop from a TCCC table of unique items, and check out demonstrations on Chinese calligraphy.
8479	Young solidified her commitment to El Moussa with permanent ink when she debuted a tattoo honoring her husband-to-be, reading, "Yes sir, Mr. El Moussa" in cursive script.
8480	Your birthday buddies for today include: Ming dynasty-era painter Wen Zhengming (1470), Romantic Age poet/painter William Blake (1757), Communist Manifesto co-author Friedrich Engels (1820), former Maryland congresswoman Helen Delich Bentley (1923), movie man Alfonso Cuaron (1961), longtime The Daily Show host Jon Stewart (1962), R&B’s Trey Songz (1984), and actress Mary Elizabeth Winstead (1984).
8481	Your efforts at scribbling really hard on every worthless pieces-of-shit ink stick and sucking at the tip to get the ink going proved to be fruitless.
8482	You’ll also learn how to modify brush tips for a more effective pencil sketch effect, and colour your strokes using Clipping Masks.
8483	You’ll be returned to your original session, with your long running script running in the background.
8484	You’ll discover why this traditional Chinese holiday is important and take part in some fun activities like building your own dog shadow-puppet, creating a red envelope for the Chinese New Year tradition of gift giving, and you can even have your name written in Mandarin by a Chinese calligraphy master between noon and 3 PM.
8485	You’ll find a beautiful mosaic of the Great Seal of California embedded in the floor.
8486	You’ll find quotes and mottos like “Vibing n’ Thriving” or “Whatever Makes Your Soul Happy” scrawled on the walls in swirling cursive script.
8487	You’ll find the intriguing Seal Engravers Society here, dedicated to the ancient art of carving the name seals (or chops) that serve as personal signatures.
8488	You’ll find this in eyeliner with brush tips more so than felt-tip ones.
8489	You’ll get things going with the basics of writing and running scripts and move on to features such as file operations, regular expressions, and working with binary data.
8490	You’ll get to enjoy even more Lunar New Year celebrations with family-friendly fun including crafts, Chinese calligraphy demonstrations and the Lucky Wishes Wall, where guests can share their hopes for the future/year ahead.
8491	You’ll likely recognize the Great Seal of the United States from its appearance on passports, flags, official documents, and American currency.
8492	You’ll often see Chinese calligraphy and other kinds of Chinese art in the windows.
8493	You’ll repeat the downward strokes all over the face until you’re satisfied with the amount of skin and hair removal.
8494	You’ve named historical Chinese calligraphers Zhao Mengfu and Wang Xizhi as your inspirations.
8495	Yu Shuhong from University of Science and Technology of China (USTC) of the Chinese Academy of Sciences has discovered the microscopic mechanism of the high strength and high toughness through detailed characterization of traditional Xuan paper.
8496	Yuan explains why one doesn’t need to be able to read Chinese characters to appreciate calligraphy: “Chinese calligraphy is an art of forms.
8497	Yunjian, founded by Dong Qichang (1555-1636), a notable painter and calligrapher from the late Ming Dynasty (1368-1644), has influenced China's calligraphy circles for more than 300 years and nurtured a local culture that honors the craft.
8498	Zack Vinoya of Morton Grove learns about traditional Chinese calligraphy at the Skokie Festival of Cultures on May 18, 2019.
8499	Zaner-Bloser’s handwriting program is a definitive package for handwriting instruction which teaches students to write fluently and legibly in fewer than fifteen minutes a day, from their first letters all the way up to cursive script.
8500	Zeng Huizhang, 65 years old, continues to teach Chinese calligraphy at a primary school in Kangjia village, Guobei township, Neijiang, southwest China’s Sichuan province, Sept.
8501	Zhai, also a lover of Chinese calligraphy, has brought ink, brush, paper and an inkstone along to continue to polish his calligraphic skills.
8502	Zhang Peng/LightRocket via Getty An elderly monk is writing Chinese calligraphy in a temple palace.
8503	Zhang has a talent for immersing readers into a variety of colorful, historical worlds—a Chinese calligraphy school, an American brothel—and to leave them rooting for Daiyu to maintain hope and survive her circumstances by continually reinventing herself.
8504	Zhang has said he is referencing Chinese calligraphy with his colour scheme, but he’s also clearly going for a yin/yang dichotomy, as characters reference masculine versus feminine fighting styles, water versus dryness, and of course swords versus brollies.
8505	Zhang, 51, says his father, a high school Chinese literature and calligraphy teacher, influenced him as a child, so much that he practiced Chinese calligraphy twice a day, every day, for many years.
8506	Zhao came to the United States in 1995 and started teaching brush art and Chinese calligraphy in Chapel Hill.
8507	Zheng was also interested in Chinese calligraphy and photography, though he was less enthralled by the technicalities of image capture than simply admiring the beauty of the world, his friends said.
8508	Zheng was also interested in Chinese calligraphy and photography—though he was less captivated by the technical aspects of capturing images than the simple act of admiring the world’s beauty, his friends said.
8509	Zhou Bin, calligraphy teacher of former UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, Professor at Shanghai Jiao Tong University, and Director of the Institute of International Communication of Chinese Calligraphy Culture, wrote and showed the beauty of Chinese characters, bringing the guests an immersive experience of Chinese calligraphy art.
8510	Zigbee also suggested that its logo for dotdot “breaks technological ground itself” by consisting of, er, a colon and two vertical strokes.
8511	Zuckerberg’s royal scribes then began scrubbing the old rule from the giant Community Standards tablets displayed in the throne room and chiseling the updated rule on top.
