4756	Displaying on celebrity tattoo artist Winterstone's Instagram, Miley revealed her new marking which read "Freedom" in cursive font.
4756	Modeling on celebrity tattoo artist Winterstone's Instagram, Miley presented her new engraving which spelled out "Freedom" in cursive handwriting.
4756	Exhibiting on celebrity tattoo artist Winterstone's Instagram, Miley flaunted her new tattoo which said "Freedom" in cursive writing.
5376	Accounting for the deciphering conclusions of the seven hieroglyphs, the inscription on the Tartaria rectangular tablet with central aperture could be as follows: “(I am) Abhijit, extremely committed clergyman of Radiant God Brahma, priest of God Vishnu and Goddess Aditi”.
6892	The statement expressed: “Ladies and gentlemen, I proclaim my agreement to a marriage contract between the senior King Henry Charles Albert David and Rachel Meghan Markle, which I consent to motivate me to submit under the Great Seal and to be documented in the Books."
286	The declaration stated: “Concerning Ampoules and Syringes Market Report: An ampoule is a small sealed bottle made of glass or plastic holding solution or powder that is typically made into solution for intravenous and intramuscular injections."
286	The announcement said: “Regarding Ampoules and Syringes Market Report: An ampoule is a tiny sealed container constructed of glass or plastic containing solution or powder that is generally made into solution for intravenous and intramuscular shots."
286	The proclamation expressed: “About Ampoules and Syringes Market Report: An ampoule is a small sealed receptacle fabricated from glass or plastic encompassing solution or powder that is habitually made into solution for intravenous and intramuscular injections."
286	The statement uttered: “On Ampoules and Syringes Market Report: An ampoule is a diminutive sealed vessel made of glass or plastic containing solution or powder that is customarily made into solution for intravenous and intramuscular shots."
3810	The statement expressed: “Find out more about the old-fashioned art of Chinese calligraphy before you take home your masterpiece, that's been fashioned with the new strokes that you've honed."
3810	The declaration uttered: "Comprehend further regarding the age-old craft of Chinese calligraphy preceding you take away your handiwork, that's been constructed with the novel strokes that you've polished."
3810	The proclamation stated: "Grasp additional concerning the time-honored technique of Chinese calligraphy anterior to you remove your creation, that's been shaped with the fresh strokes that you've refined."
4383	The statement expressed: “On Twitter, he penned: “All that is necessitated is for the Great Seal to be affixed to the document."
5681	The statement expressed: “The Latin phrase "Novus Ordo Seclorum," which grandly lies upon the Great Seal of the United States, deciphers into "A New Order for the Ages." The inauguration of President Joe Biden symbolizes an opportunity for all Americans to accept such a fresh beginning after four years of governance controlled by turmoil – and regrettably, too many untruths."
8227	Although there are no formal style guidelines that forbid you from matching your blush dress with blush accessories, you may want to avoid that - unless you're a bridesmaid, and the bride is having a "blush and bashful" wedding like Julia Roberts' Shelby character in "Steel Magnolias." If that's the scenario, enjoy yourself with it.

